I'll give you my number, when you text me, I block you😂
🤣🤣🤣 I approve.
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year 🏆😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Fake news about the demands is now cleared don't miss the show guys 🕺💃
Keep trying 😂
I love me a bitch everybody don’t like. 😂🤷🏽‍♀️
🖤Loving this weather🖤
and the V is for VERSATILE. ✌🏾
Just when you thought you have seen it all 😂😂😂
7 princes on the stage 😂😂😍😍
Y'all my cousin sent me this video and I'm crying 😂😭
📸 | Photocards — Fanmeeting Happy Ever After en Japón ♡ (Jimin) 🐥 Cr. 什么都有_   |
The new AMG GLC is maaad. 😍
I haven’t worn a romper uniform in so long and now they telling us that we have to wear them next year and I’m not having it 🤦🏻‍♀️😒
🐪 Uh oh...
Private school for all Dem babies now they straight nigga 👏
“Wowwww so you just gone hang up?” 😂😂
You gotta see how much u mean to me... Now Stop Running Let Me Show You 💯
Factssssssss 😂🤷🏻‍♀️ they gone learn our niggas ain’t shit one day 💀💀💀 stupid ass “ ima talk to him you g…
New endorsement for the birthday girl 🌸💕 DERUCCI CONTRACT SIGNING  (from edith.farinas…
girl crush everyday 🔥
Bro twitter be having me weak at night 💀
thank you 🤗
i want him 😩
UBER EVERYWHERE 🚗🌒
GRAND. SLAM. 🗣️ clears 'em up in style! 6-0.
dong sicheng — ｎｃｔ 🍓
dont read the comments bro, just hit me after u watch and tell me what u think 🧐
Congratulations, 👏👏👏
📹: little_milo_munchkin
THEY LOOK SO FUKIN CUTE HOLD ME😊😊💕🔥
sssoooo i just found out ill b off work when is in OKC 😩😍 we in therrrrre!
Thank you!! 😊
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party😭
we love you!!💛
I gave up on them and then here they are 😂
200+ actives real quick!! 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back  🔥🔥
Retweet in 5 seconds for some good luck 😋😁
It looks so good!! Downloading the app now to give it a go! 💖💖
Ughh. I deserve this ❤️￼
😂😂😂 Non of us have it
📅 Days Spent Top of 🔵 This Season: 242 🔴 Since 2012/13: 241
180418 BTS Japan Official Fan-Meeting Vol.4 ~Happy Ever After~ Ending Ment 🌸
Started with no players now we here 😎
Only 90’s babies will understand this😂
That man stayed in the gym lol he’s trash now 😂😂😂😂
U gonna play ya self , tryna play me . 🤷🏽‍♂️
Y’all be getting some ugly ass tattoos 🤢 and it don’t even be looking right. Lines be all types of fucked up and crooked 😭
Good morning South Africa😭😭😭
Nooooooo😭😭 I guess I’ll enjoy it while I can😅😊
No funny I’ll spank out lil tay an woah Vicky 😂 🤷🏾‍♀️
ohmygod im screaming taeyong was laughing in between 😂
*serious voice* it’s....highkey wild how much I’ve grown as a person since I left The Swamp™️
I need some new friends smh 💔
Girl Bey BEEN pregnant for about 10 yrs 🙄...they are truly ignorant as hell
THE CHOREO FOR LET GO!! IM SPEECHLESS!! IM CRYING!!   ©12v30th
Pogba once again at walking pace. So passed off with that bloke 😡
Ve ve ve  👑
We were happy to wake up and see a cool Snovio review on Youtube channel! Check it out 😍 …
Try not to tear up. 😢
That’s law 🤷🏾‍♂️
Two days my people! Tell someone else about it! I’m excited!  🙏🏾🌹❤️
Pray, pray, pray!! That’s all I can do😢
To start the day better 🙌😉 you need the right energy that only ♡ can give ☆☆☆ ♫ *´”)  ██ ¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)…
MTV BR KPOP Explosion BTS 49.3m+🌟 EXO 32.2m+ Total est gap 17m+ ©btsvotingteam Good J…
"My man!" makes a special request of Denzel Washington 😂
.. i thought it looked familiar 👀
This is my time to shine! 🙌
Watching the now good game come see us downtown!!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🔥🔥🔥🔥
follow everyone who retweets this, 4mins️️️🌼
Thank you 😎
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Awe cute 😘
I’m From Texas And We Do This Thing Called  😅
Add our Snapchat 👉 UncensoredTV 👈
had the stupidest smile on my face this whole video. love this man ❤️
Gain 1000 actives real quick! 👉 Retweet fast 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
Follow EVERYONE who retweets or likes this! 🔥🔥
happy WEDNESDAY! YOU are in control of your happiness, and what kind of day you will have. Make today fcking AWESOME🤗🤗
That scene 😂😂🙈🙈
Not at all affected by the  problems in ATM because no money in account, no cash to withdraw. *Cries in Corner*😭
This lil bitch like keyshia cole dawg she heaven sent 😌🤤
my room is never actually "dirty" it's just CLOTHES 😩😭
😂😂😂 "i put sugar in the soup"
Gain 400 followers fast 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
LMFAOO I DIED 😂
Damn GH is on 🔥Ibrah case make like dem dey act Narcos..!!
Stampede ❗️❗️❗️👀 Get out the way 🦍🦍 the Apes are on the way This Saturday will you be the Last man Standing when they pack t…
It wouldn’t be Apink without mukbang. Chorong pointing that at Hayoung like a gun😂
🍻 Plenty of information available on how your community can own its local pub, from our stand at the East Anglian Beer…
Hair Too Long. Out Friday!!! 🚨
NAHH FR🤞🏾🤞🏾
Yuuuuuup! Devil is a liar (remix) ft. M.anifest out tomorrow ⚡️🙅🏿‍♂️🕺🏿
ONCE AGAIN I AM FALLIN IN LOVE WITH HIM 😭
MY BEST FRIEND IS A FUCKING LICENSED COSMETOLOGIST BITCHHHHHHHHHHH ! Fuck u meannnnnn🤑 Im so proud of her bruh word…
Just watch black dude face the whole time 😂
Cis women and trans women are both real women. ❤️
I’ve missed you! See you soon! ♥️
Fighting 😆
Who cares you old and used news let’s face it you’re best days are behind you old adult film actress 😩
BROCKHAMPTON Is That Next Level, New New. Love these guys. 🔥 🔥🔥
Good morning Twitter Please RT if you like his work. 😘
THIS IS THE SOUND YOU HEAR WHEN YOU ENTER THE GATES OF HEAVEN 😍♡
We're going tonight too!! 4000 miles west of yas 😄
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
The  within music ....... 🤔🤔  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,…
First 13 PTS to LeBron! lead 13-1 in Cleveland. 📺:
I wanna go but I got to work 😕
jin honestly gives the best advice and encouragement ☹️ bts are so lucky to have someone like him as their hyung https:…
🍿Disney Q3 Studio Releases Alone (Avengers Infinity War, SOLO, Incredibles 2) Will EACH Generate $1 Billion+ Box Offic…
And it begins.. 2cm dilated 😁❤👶
RETWEET this, and we’ll plant TWO TREES. Yep, that’s right. Two trees. Also, 👀 this is the gorgeous forest.
I bet y’all wont retweet this 🙌🏽
EXO-CBX is No.1 in Synnara Chart and officially sold out! Another record. Congrats king sub - unit 🎊🧡 🌟 # 1 WW iTunes…
Happy birthday to 🎉🎂
📷 If you’d like more interaction with me, this is my Snapchat code. You can also follow me on...
Retweet &amp; I'll draw ur avi 😋😜
Bitch slapped the blunt out of my mouth, She done fucked up I’m cooking her ass tonight 😤😂
Please Kindly help me Re-tweet the pinned tweet on my TL Help with this pls thnx.. RT👇 …
RT: Cherry Run ES    for 3D Game Programming (1-6th Grade) @ STEM Summer Camp 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
-First jump!! 😍🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
Can't stop laughing 🤣🤣
So we’re really only doing radio tour this cb?? 😑
wp to you &amp; your team, 1 more ! 💪🏻
If it can't better you then it's a distraction👎🏾
Happy Birthday, 🎈🎉  Hope you have an amazing day! ❤️ you!!
😳 wow look at this rare variegated Agave shawii at ! Swipe left to see a similar…
-♡ my list 《《a thread ^***^☆ 💖🌈 🍭♥
happy bday pretty 💗💗💗
That Rahane run out/stumping tho ! 🏏👌🏾💯💥 superb work from to get an important dismissal !
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
📚 Cupid Gone Wrong by
I don't understand how a foolish person can fall in love with someone's voice or ordinary words lol😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Who made this 😂
🔔 MTV LATIN AMERICA 🔔 [ 9:00 - 10:00 AM KST ] 1. : 73.7K+ ⚠ 2. G. : 34.3K+ Gap still not safe.…
😂 my boy Best friend
What ACTUALLY is the point of you? 😠     https://t.…
Enjoyyy 😘
LMAO NOT PLAYIN WITH YALL😂
📷 lavenderdreamer13: the
You can't beat a good set of gnashers 😁
everybody’s been telling me to post this on twitter, so here’s a video of my mom and dad trying to kill a snake 😅 https://t…
not 승행설 but 순행설 😂 look at jihoon just standing there confused while soonyoung did his thing
The one that got away 😞
Not easy at 😍
Always be mine ♥️..
Clickbank  business step by step 😀
seokjin and jungkook slaying that falsetto wow their voices are so amazing © 12v30th
there's a hope for the rage to become love. 💜🧡🖤
When he smell good af 😋
⚠️ NoLimit ⚠️
rt to gain exo stan mutuals, follow everyone that rts and make sure to follow back 💫
This one? 💀
❗SUPPORT THE CAMPAIGNS❗ HELP  . To save the dogs from the cruel
🤩😆🙌🏻 Everyone check out this site Everything sell off 80% 🛍🎁🎉ENDS TODAY!! Hurry up guy 🔥🔥🔥 https…
⚠VOTE FOR EXO-CBX⚠️ DEADLINE: 16th April 2018 Vote in these two pages👇🏻 🔗 … ⚠️🔗 …
Types of people who are welcomed in the 🇬🇧
MAKE THIS HAPPEN 👑 RTTTRTRTTTTTT
I left him tho so don’t let him front like he left me reason he be throwing blems on Snapchat ❗️
♨️ Do you Want To Fuck?↴ ♨️ Free Sex Dating Cams↴ ♨️ ♨️ ♨️ …
I’ll see your ❤️ with another ♥️
I want both🙃
Her hair ✨🌹
I love you so much glbbi💛💛
too sweet❤️
another date to celebrate 😊
You good I’m good You on fuck shit I’m on fuck shit 💯
Wowsome Video 😗😗😗
😁. ..Winter Storm Warning in Northern Michigan
wishing you a speedy recovery, taetae 🖤
🐣Retweet Like this 🐣Follow all who like and rt this 🐣Follow back all that follow you 🐣Gain followers fast
When I land in Cape Town on Friday, I will tweet “Just landed at the Winnie Madikizela-Mandela International Airport”... ✊🏾
like yoooo! the caption tho 😂🤣
BEING 👏🏼 A 👏🏼 FAN 👏🏼 DOES 👏🏼 NOT 👏🏼 MEAN 👏🏼 YOU 👏🏼 WERE 👏🏼 THERE 👏🏼 FROM 👏🏼 THE 👏🏼 BEGINNING 👏🏼 IT 👏🏼 MEANS 👏🏼 YOU 👏🏼 A…
💯🏃Follow everyone who Retweets &amp; likes this , turn on my notifications follow me &amp; i Follow back 🔥🎱💯 GainWith😃⬇🏁💯⬇ 🚨 🚅
🚨ATTENTION ARMY 🚨 Radio host wants to throw a BTS PARTY live on the radio - this would involve an hour of BTS…
I can't believed seokjin did that, so extra! 😂 [   ]
I pray everyday that GOD keep me on the right path to success.🙏🏾
[FC]  x      🐰🐺 This is how hard Wonho tried.
one of my fave of his puns. bacheuheu *note: i love other’s reaction as well 💕💕💕
for ! 📸 Special thanks to and for hel…
South Africa 🇿🇦 is still: Sore Crying Bleeding Racist Unequal Not Ok There is no rainbow nation BS ‼️
Before you cut the grass, check for baby rabbits 🐰😱😱😱
How Somali boys walk into a lounge tryna see who's there 😂😂
[HQ] 170414    @ ICN Airport OTW to Taipei © Be My Brownie …
It's always better when we're together. 😊
Petal Metal Highligthers are gorgeous 💖
🌟Fandom of the year🌟
Anfield looking 👌👌👌
The Lord💖 is my strength and my shield. My heart trusted in Him and I am helped. My heart greatly rejoices and I will…
&gt;&gt;180330 ICN✈️TPE Departure&lt;&lt;
“Ion claim her” 😂😂😭😭☠️☠️
Oh man congrats .🎉 didn’t even know u had a babygirl
Thank youuu ate J! 😍❤
➫ NCT We the Dream Chaser       and  🔜
👏👏👏👏hooray x x
Lil Duval jammin out to Drake’s ‘Nice For What’ 💨😂👍
It's matchday! ⚽️ COME ON CHELSEA! 💪
It’s time to get back to being Incredible. Watch the new trailer for  now. 💥
lol don't mind my tweets just bypass them 😂
🚦🚂🌃🚂🌃🚂🌃🚂🌃🚂🌃🚂🏃🏾 👍🏾Need FOLLOWERS⁉️😈 👣FOLLOW Me &amp; 🔑 ♻️RETWEET HER  👣FOLLOW WHO RET…
They all started to die immediately 😩😂🤧
Omg look how far away i am😩😩
RT: Centreville Presbyterian Church for       🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Describe One Word about THALA AJITH ☺ Must Comment! ADV HBD DEAR THALA AJITH
💕 One song. Thousand memories.
The 2018  tip off TODAY! 3pm/et: x 📺:  5:30pm/et: x 📺: 8pm/…
Your thoughts on this 👇🤔
yo just brought out the yodel kid at coachella!! 😂🤠🤠
Im ready to be fine as fuck again 🙄
I wanna go to a lingerie party they look so fun 😩
black on black // nct 😍
Refs are useless. Kane is bleeding...did you NOT SEE WHEN HE GOT HURT? 🤬 NOW LABANC AND RITCHIE?
❤️ Joseph
3 points, 3 goals, clean sheet 💪🏽😁
[HQ] 180414 THE8 at KCON 2018 JAPAN Red Carpet © THE8%
The look of a team that scored 12 unanswered runs to get the win. 👏,
Happy happy Happy birthday! 💖 manlibre ka naman HAHAHAHAHAHA Stay wat u r! Enjoy ur day💖 sml💖
WANNA ONE PHOTO ESSAY BOOK 📘 ~ MY, SG &amp; INA only 🇲🇾 🇸🇬 🇮🇩 ~ Must be following me ~ RT this tweet (NO SAVED/GIVEAWAY A…
When she’s teased you once too often ... and she finally gets what she’s been aching for 😏😈
Catering
He is a belter, different from the rest 😍🧡
Describe debating with a Trump supporter in four pictures... 😐
☺️ thanks baby 💙
This is all too relatable right now.... ❄️
lol fuck grandma they were the shit to wear in middle school with those babydoll ballet flats too 😂
I know what you mean sweetie 😊 I love his Cock 💋💋
It's the 83rd tag and it is trending.! That's the power of MSGians! 💪 The result of…
BLACK👏🏾PEOPLE👏🏾DIDN’T👏🏾 ASK👏🏾TO👏🏾COME👏🏾TO👏🏾 AMERICA👏🏾 &amp; leave the abundant land of MAMA Africa filled with Diamonds…
I tried it as well. Do you recognize all the characters? ✨
'DNA' MV on Youtube is close to 350M Views and 5M likes 🎉 Currently +339M Views +4.9M likes 👍 Pls stream + lik…
Pat pat 📹: mr.pokee
Love you, see u in 2 days❤️❤️❤️
Exploring the big city life 😎!
A very happy birthday to the Twelfth Doctor, Peter Capaldi! 🎉
This is th difference between People’s respect for their leaders.👏👏 Watch till th end 😋
"A championship for the city, my city, is all I care about now." 📽️ Obsession by » ht…
Comment “💔” on this IG post for a follow back!!
I need to gear up also 😱😭
summer right around the corner i need to shake back 😭
They Spoke From Their Hearts. FEARLESSLY! ✊🏾🔥 I Respect You.
🐥[KPOP EXPLOSION] PM 7:10~8:10 KST 1. : 104.7K+ 2. : 57K+ VOTE FOR BTS
🍀 PLS RT :( please help us find a blood donor for my baby Mochi. if you’d be willing to donate just DM me. he needs it ASAP…
😂 at least you honest
He went a lil cray cray didn't he.😳😆🚀
The new beauty collection by Nadine x BYS is finally here ✨ The Lustrous Limited Edition collection is now available in ov…
I’ve been wanting to show these things since they drawing were in my sketchbook. 🤩☺️
happy birth day 🎁🎂🎈🎉🎊 Good morning😊🌹⛄️❄️
It’s another 90 😩
oh my god.. im so excited for Rich Man!!! Junmyeon and the female lead of the drama look so cute 😭😭😭😭 I’m almost tearing u…
➫ NCT We the Dream Chaser       and  🔜
Twitter do your thing and help a sis out !! Trying to take my handsome boxer to prom!! RT RT!😤
Becoming far too attached to being home- want to take Emily and back w me 😭😭
Live now on with in the guest mix. Lock in! 🔐 …
Gain 500 follows in 20 mins 👉RT fast 👉Follow All Who RT &amp; Like…
im antisocial in person , I only speak when spoken to 🤷🏽‍♀️😩
Happy weekend my friends. 💖
treat her right or watch another man do it 🤷🏾‍♀️ i’m glad she’s finally happy 😍
Hoon tweetingICs 😭😭😭😭😭 he's so sweet
A'ja Wilson. Kelsey Mitchell. Diamond DeShields. This year's rookie class is bringing serious game to the WNBA 🔥 https:…
I can’t wait to be 21 🙏🏻
LMAOOO mom said “ ministry “ 😭😭😭
Good morning 🍵🍵🍵🍵🍵🍵
Rep ah kaya gini. Uwaaaah Kino-aaaah! Gimme your chance to know more about youu~ pick me juseyooo~ 👉👈
Happy Birthday Namjoo !! 💐 🎂 💕
Celebrating the graduation of my sister and home coming of my mader 💖
🖤 let me know if you trying to network babe. There’s tons of opportunities.
It’s time to get back to being Incredible. Watch the new trailer for  now 💥
“I could buy designer but this fit” 🎶
Oh man and I was just there! 😩
The Way You Look Tonight- Daniel Padilla and Sarah G (part 1)  © Love De Ocampo …
Watch them go to the Final of Europa my boy 😴
Who is your PFA Player of the year? Salah - 🔄 De Bruyne - ❤
🔴LIVE: Trials of the LULZ 🧐
&amp;  have sold more than 167,000 copies on US iTunes 🇺🇸 …
📣 TGU followers, it's competition time! We've teamed up with to give away one of their amazing print…
Pat pat 📹: mr.pokee
I been checking ppl all week. 🤦🏿‍♀️
📷 | guribeiromake via InstaStories. ❤😍
this night. 🐭
I hope y’all ready for this next generation 😂 all our kids growing up together so you already know how they gonna A…
[MISC] 180414 Translation of a fan’s tweet about Lee Sooman meeting Kyungsoo’s legendary Universe photocard 😂😂😂 ©️xiu…
📷 bbc-chan: Neko &amp; Flutter Sapphic Neko and this artwork belong to Flutter is property of...
Sorry for confusing you, mate 🐶😅
Entertainment doing the most for the Country 🌎
When did you guys have sex 😂😃😄😅😆
It does! The roof has now been reset 🔨 We start on resetting the interior next week.
Names of men who are 💯 faithful - Godfred - Derrick - Emmanuel - Albert - Nigel - Papi - Owusu - Yaw - Hector - Nsafoah - F…
Please spread the word 📢 A great game for great causes 🌊🌊 🏉 🔥🔥    🏆🏆
😘 The two most powerfu…
🎁🎁Fast giveaway 🎁🎁 1xNordVPN premium account Retweet🔁 and like ❤ Ends at 10-15 retweets
📢-⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ We have a current Airdrop running where all participants will receive $DTZ tokens Please h…
Yooo Dez I wouldn’t mind having you and Obj...
A fan dressed up as no-face and when it was donghae’s turn, he got a shock and stood up 😂 he also wanted to take off the fan’…
What a great innings tonight. 👏👏👏👏👏👏 Jason. Still wish you were batting too, KP.🤗🤗🤗
Keep it up ya. 💪
I want to  Andy with 14 BBCs 😈🍆
It's not even like that 😅
Get ready for our most incrEDIBLE episode yet 🙃
Don't let the world take away your kindness 😢
Amazing, see you there Anna 🇦🇹
Happy birthday Bhargav!! You're the best, hope you have a great day🤠❤️
180413 BigHit’s Weibo Post [ Spring Day Manual by 🐨🐰
Cai Xukun being soft to minion alone there's no 9% member who cares LOL so he looked to them😂
RT for Ramos🇪🇸 LIKE for Chiellini🇮🇹
Jason Roy ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Y’all got my address 👌🏼
💥FLASHBACK: CNN HOST IS SPEECHLESS When Syrian Chemical Attack Survivor Thanks Trump…"We don't want to become refugees…Help u…
why does my dryer sound like a classic song 😂
Job done ✅ Congratulations to for the Hattrick ⚽️⚽️⚽️ Just waiting on confirmation for the other 2 goals 📞📲
Minseok the king of trademarking his own items ™     …
🤣 My Bentley too !! ❤️🐾
They’re blaming sm cause they give them nothing so they end up needing us for their dry stan lives 🗿
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  ! 🎂🎉  ❤️  (
Ok will be there about 2ish subject to traffic ❤
LMAO EXO-LS ARE SO FAST 😂😂😂😂😂😂 Baekhyun must be proud of u guys ㅋㅋ   …
All it takes is 2 years of solid hard work.🤷🏾
I CAN'T BELIEVE IS LITERALLY DIO AS IF SHE COULD GET ANY COOLER! THE EMPRESS, HERSELF 💪
hi u so ganda!! 💞
🔥 Best Free Sex Cams ↴ 🔥 Free Register and Tokkens?↴ 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
“You are in for a treat” 😒
⬆️3⃣ | Dingler rips a single through the right side. Bases loaded for Cowles. OSU 4, PSU 3
Now I understand why Kuami Eugene wore that oversized suit nu. He wore his performance attire underneath. 😂😂😂
That two hour nap has me feeling wide awake 🤗
🎈🐎☘️🐴☘️🐎☘️🐴🎈 "You are so fake ... stay away from me ... !" Via wildlifeistraveller  🐾🐾🐾🐾 …
thank you for make my life better ❤️
This Gon’ Be Your Favorite Podcast... “How Bout Dat” 🤷🏾‍♂️
Lol Ali Makaho telling us the oldest trick in the game when it comes to wooing women😂
Be Christ Consciousness. Be Buddha Nature. Be aware. Be kind. Be Good. Be God. Be kind to all living things.❤
She's a 39 year old Ugandan woman with 38 children, God is great. 😶
Y’all be cheating with females who look up to yo girl.............. 👀
Speed kills man💨
LINK IN BIO 🌴 MĪRAJ - Cuz of You (Prod. by INK) 🌴 ... A Film By:…
RT: Forest Edge ES   for   at Royal Cyber Club 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
read the first time and realize your egirlfriends probably getting piped out by a nigga with 193 followers rn 😔
✔️ 60 meters UNC record (7.29) ✔️ 100 meters UNC record (11.35) officially the Fastest. Woman. In. UNC.…
Cardi B’s new album is fucking 🔥🔥🔥 She makes you wanna root for her.. love her.
Another Anteater playing internationally! Jessica Miclat 🍕 starts for the Philippines at 10am in the  vs. Jordan
She said Yes! ♥️🐶
🔥 Do you Want To Fuck?↴ 🔥 Free Sex Dating Cams↴ 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
Getting back on my 91 octane tune from Really need to get some kinks ironed out though 🤷🏻‍♂️
“Hello Friends, I’m not where I’m supposed to be.” 😂
Not gonna lie. This is cracking me up. 😂
Gain Active Followers Fast ⚡ 👉 Like and Retweet 👉 Follow all likes and retweets 👉 Follow back all follows 👉 Follow me for gain…
omg your Yorkshire accent......hullarious. 😂
Love that life is so blessed rn🤘
She looks like she hates him sometimes you know 😂
See you soon❤️🚗
Wake up in na mornin wit the shits Even afta i Take a shit Im wit the shits Good morning to they who keep shit 1,000 ☀️☁️
Congratulations debi love you so so much 💗💗💗😍😍👍👍👍👍👏👏
Bringing my glow up back to the timeline 😂😂
Legit 😂
baby ❤️😘
🌐 BREAKING 🌐 Mexico makes its first payment for the wall. …
"Will We Stop Trump Before" he   or makes you cry even more. 🇺🇸
how come our cakes over here don't look that good..?...all we get is shit in the shops...😂
The dream team😎
🌍 [ COUNTRY LOVELY BATTLE ] 🌍 ⏳ SCHEDULE ⏳ 🕣 8:30PM KST → INDONESIAN vs. INDIAN ARMYs → PHILIPPINES vs. THAILAND ARM…
I have finally found the books I'm going to read for April. Psyched 💥
UPAR KHUDA HAI. NICHE SALMAN. WE LOVE YOU SALMAN KHAN ❤
Chantel Schnider glitter palette. Must be following me &amp; to win ✨
Still trending in 3rd Place Using Bots Mela Konduvanthuruma ena 😉😉 This is what fan base.. IDOL AJITH BIRTHDAY IN 24D
This shit is hilarious 😂😂
I was talking of 'masters not friends' ! 😎
i love you so much angel 💗
Ten performing new heroes in front of hundreds of people cheering for him this is so beautiful 😭
I LOVE THIS VIDEO 😂😂
That’s why, I just wear glasses 🤓
FIGHTING ✌️
❤️ off to Delhi 😍 for an Event in . . @ CSIA Mumbai
HZGD-030 Hasumi Kurea 🔞   🎬 Full Movie
✔ 2018. 4. 6 10PM KST 🔹 🔹 🔹 🔹…
Kathe Gibb: Thanks for improved women's sports coverage - SportsGamed™ -
Gap is decreasing again. 🚨 (4K+) Hourly update in 45 minutes. Let's widen the gap! 🔥 Keep retweeting, replying and twe…
Ok now I wanna get it lol thanks 😽
Throwback to this Legendary interview 😂😂😂
while working 🤙🏻
At the end of the day, how you started is not the issue, what matters most is how you end it all. 😊😊😊😊
Mother: It's too hot outside😏 Me: Don't worry Mum, i'm EXO-L💘😍😂😂
⚠  ⚠ [ 1:00 -2:00 PM KST ] 1. : 229.5K+ 🙏 2. : 200.8K+ Rate is slower; gap d…
Thinking of doing a Friday Cooking Chronicles.. 🤔 Should make something savory next Friday
Fun little Friday here 💖
MY DEBUT ALBUM OUT NOW WORLDWIDE🍸CAN'T YOU TELL I'M HAPPYYYYYY
💕💕 I want a lot of friends of Twitter. 💕💕
The Summer is Coming ! ❤️😍
RIP, it was nice knowing you 😭
thank you, jo!!! i'll send your hugs to jongin!!! 💞
💛Sehun’s Birthday GA!💛 - 1 Winner - Worldwide - End: April 12 12:00 AM KST - read for more info! …
🔃Retweet if you want to fuck me right now 😈 ❤️Fav if you want to lick me😍
Help me out ✊️
Everytime I get over 1 roadblock🚧 theirs always 3 more right behind😒
🗳 BTS GOGO JP →  +  (
rt this to gain taehyung stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🦄
[INSTAGRAM] 180406 smtown Instagram Update with Chanyeol 📎
Fake news 😉
Howdy, 🤠
My boo and I are going to celebrate my 18 birthday at the beach 👀 oh yea it’s bout to be wild 👅
ENDS TODAY. Last chance to win! 🔥🔥🔥 Enter our US sweepstakes at the 5 winners will be announced on Monday!  ht…
loyal ka? — 💯❤
Aye she pranked her boyfriend hella good 😂 😂😂
LONDON //  // 05.04.18 📷
😕Follow me and everyone who retweets this Add  in Bio, Tweet &amp; your replies to gain more
That proud moment for India! Take a bow Sathish Kumar! 💪😁 Watch the full video:
love you so much❤️
Flower Bloom in the Atacama, Desert, Chile.🇨🇱
Yum! Send leftovers. 😎
🎶 I know what you’re thinking you run my mind, you’re right...you’re right 🎶 💫💫
I WANT TO REPLAY THEIR LAUGHS FOR THE REST OF MY ENTIRE LIFE 😭😭😭😭💖💖💖💖💖
HIS HAIR pr. 180406 ©️ direct kill
Speechless 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖both amazing
I always wanted a female friend that i can kiss 😒 bitches be so lame
Thank u Chelle😩😋
Imma let you know when I back home G ‼️ we go smoke sum
🚨 CONTEST 🚨 Want to attend the  final game of the season inside  Follow the steps below &amp; you could…
omg no problem you’re perf😫
⚠️ IMPORTANT⚠️ Tomorrow, when I will come back from school. EVERYONE WHO FOLLOWS ME ALREADY will have the chance to fuc…
📣CALLING ALL ARMYs! WE'RE  ON VOTING! PLEASE VOTE HARDER📣 Please rtw &amp; reply this twt with the hashtags at least 5 times i…
🌟Round 1🌟 ➡500 replies in less than 45 minutes! I'll post Round 2 when you complete this!👍
Bravo, Mohamed Salah - voted  Player of the Week (57%). 👏👏👏
Thank you! | Monroe needs her daddy. Ahem. 😉 😂
Yeah, and they're HERE ILLEGALLY so you know they won't break any laws! 😠
SJ now pls so I can sleep alrdy 😂
But I love you still, I always will 💖
This little boy wants everyone to see his painting. Please let's RT and encourage him. 🙏🙏🙏
When said “I’m my biggest fan, I keep telling myself,   Go Mufasaaa” I👏Felt👏It👏In👏My👏Soul…
1: Retweet this👍✅ 2: Like this👍✅ 3: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet👍✅ 4: Follow back all that follow you👍✅ 5: tweet "IFB"👍✅ 6…
Who is this king?😍
Hands down to an EXO-L 🙇👍💕
My fb feed: • yearbook grad pics • grad selfie • moving up pics • outing pics • congrats.... • touch down... 😶😶😶
Them niggas lit sis 😂
😂😂😂deadass
Honored to be in the presence of THE “Lesbian Jesus” aka 🙏🏼
They certainly are. Off til the 16th 😎
life been hell for me lately but I know better is coming so i try not to stress 🙃🙌🏾
Niggah🔥🔥🔥🔥
The poster for Netflix Korean variety show ‘Busted’ is finally out 💕 Main cast: Yoo Jae Suk, Ahn Jae Wook, Kim Jong Min…
Euphoria✨
COUNTDOWN TAG 👉 IDOL AJITH BIRTHDAY IN 24D 145K TWEETS 🔥🔥
Beautiful painting but he ain’t no little boy 🙄
salamat daiii will surely miss you 😭😘
Super hot 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 😘😘😘😘😘😘 Lovely pic Dheeraj sir 💞💞💞💞
Some things will never change💜  [   ]
Okay! Back to retweet frenzy 😂
⛔️ Xbox Live is having issues since 12:35 AM AEST. 👉 RT if you are also having issues…
Just skin 😍 IG:
He BIG MADD 😭💀
Thank you! 😊 a puzzle game definitely not for kids lol 😉
Y’all buggin tf out this is the SPONGBOB!! You uncultured swine 🚮💩
Show off your courage at the insect petting zoo, watch beekeepers in action 🐝 &amp; discover  agricultural herita…
lemme get a piece of dat👀🤨
Them sound effects got me dying 😂😂
Yerin’s apron kept falling from her shoulder so the teacher tied it for her Teacher: it won’t fall anymore now😊 They’re…
WHO’S COMING TO MEET ME IN CHICAGO APRIL 22ND?? Come and meet me and my Sis’ at  💚🔥🌟👏🏻…
BEST DAY 💞
😁😁😁 u crazy wah😀
40-year-old Ulises was stolen from the ocean at age 3 😢 He doesn't deserve to be imprisoned at  in a tank. …
Four months ago, Cristiano Ronaldo wasn't even in the top 10 goalscorers in Europe. ❌ He's now the top goalscorer in E…
And finishing Harry Potter and The Order of The Phoenix 😉
ㅋㅋㅋㅋ IneffablenessJR's caption for Jonghyun's mental breakdown moment in ICSYV5 preview😂😂 "The puppy who lost it's country"…
IDOL AJITH BIRTHDAY IN 24D Yarooo condition 😂😂😂 Tag reached 75k tweets
OG Asap Rocky Is Back 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Why you so cute eohh 😢😍
This is how I see the world 😂🤭
The Most Beautiful Moment in Life pt. 1💓
Seungri is really out there feeding not just VIPs but also ikonics and Incles, I love you our panda bear 😉😗…
🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔 MAKE IT 1⃣3⃣ WINS IN A ROW FOR THE PHILLY! protect home court, defeating the 132-130 and take over 3…
Never said I would change anything 😅
night!! 🌙💗
🐐 Don’t @ me.
[iTUNES 📊] 'FACE YOURSELF' by peaked at No. 1 on iTunes in 50 regions so far! 👑 ARMY, we're doing amazing! 💜…
📢To all the farmers who voted for Trump: You're about to get slammed by the trade war he started. 🔥🔥🔥 …
🤖 surfaces Twitter's most shared  content. Have you seen
Wowww!! Tomokazu Harimoto 3-1 world  Fan Zhendong at the Asian Cup in front if the home crowd in Yokohama 🇯🇵!!
[Billboard 📊] ARMY, new tracking week for Billboard charts has started!⭐️ Please buy Japanese Album “Face You…
A dream come true! Thank you &amp; 🙏🏾🖤
Am just weak 🙆🙆🙆🙆
Balcony goals wallahy 💕.
Braboooooo 😉
Y’all won’t believe what happened! 😩
🔥Live Webcam Sex Chat For Free! 🔥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ http…
At least run the strummer over and take the worst off 😂😂😂
To celebrate Jungkook and his brother! 🎉 K-pop Explosion   …
Stay relevant? 🤣 You're in a bubble if you think he's not relevant.
When You Can Dance To Anything🤣 w/
he bringing the whole family 😩
Miley Cyrus’s sister is SO MUCH SEXIER 😍😍
Thank you, again! 🍇💜😍🔮🎂
👀 👅 Retweet &amp; like if you love junkfood 🤤 🍔Burger King 🐔 KFC 🍟 McDonald’s 🍕 Pizza Hut 🌮Taco Bell What’s your fav?  🤥…
Lmao shuuu imagine me being touched after all the nonsense he put me through. Could never be this girl! 😂😌
God YES!!!!! 😍
Amazing he are 💑
Sexy😍
Me singing "Perfect" of Hope you like it!! ❤
Antonio Conte 'very angry and very sad' over Chelsea's struggles this season | ✍️ …
I don’t take alotta military pics but why not hop on this hashtag? 😘💗  🇺🇸✨
Can someone come pull me out of this hole of depression and anxiety. I don't like feeling like this😞
ARMY here streaming DNA MV on YouTube! 🙋 give it a view fam &amp; help it reach 350M views 💜  For Info&amp;guides on how to…
how smile is so beautiful❤️
Hi Pimp😂😂 Good Morning😉
'Odd' the CDC opted to not publish the findings. 🤔
Houston 🔑
Cutieeee 🌸🌸🌸🌸
On my private Snapchat rn!! Link to join!! 🔞
i think we’ve been oomfs since my old account 😳 but i love you so much i remember when you were on asc, iconic. i r…
🔷😭👎Life cut short (no pun intended).
My dad said I'm such an embarrassment to him.
🐯RESCUE &amp; PLEDGES NEEDED🐯 These sweet little faces were left in a box outside. Can they get pledges for vetting help? http…
⏬ watch ⏬ bbw milf porn interracial bigass amateur black bbc homemade bigbooty cuckold th…
👤 Darren Moore as Manager: 👏 Beaten At Old Trafford 🏆 Won The 🔥 Comeback vs ✅ Un…
kaitfisher94: A little chat with the main man before the show 🤙
as usual effortlessly beautiful si madam 😘
🌀 SHAZAM 🌀 As we all getting ready for BTS Comeback, Shazam is a great help for radio plays. - don't know how to?
SO MUCH HAPPENED TODAY!! 😭😭
Bigger venue na next please! ©️ platinumkaraoke | igs
Congratulations on yet another successful event, Menggay! Hopefully, there's more to come! 😍  http…
♨️ Do you Want To Fuck?↴ ♨️ Free Sex Dating Cams↴ ♨️ ♨️ ♨️ …
Your enthusiasm and support were awesome 🇦🇷
Really? Because the only one I got from you is for the worst animal. :V *🔫👀'd to death*
1RT = 1VOTE 🚨. 1REPLY = 1VOTE 🚨   📣📣
I miss: ❒ My old friends ❒ Being happy ❒ The person you used to be ❒ The good times ❒ My childhood ✔ All of the a…
My sisters guide dog always sneakily walks her into this store without her knowing 😂😍 I love dogs, man …
Rock will be alive and well with and 🤘
📷 agentscarter13: jigsmave:Bones 2x14 Caroline is good at pep talks.
Hey, I think this will be perfect for you. ✨
📈 "Barc Result" is trending today on Google India (10000+ searches)
I think between age 21 and 28 is a phase of depression and sadness 90's babies are y'all doing well mentally ? 😢😭
happy birthday bes!🎊🎉 enjoy ur day with 😍😍😍
171112 BOK 2nd JAPAN CONCERT🎶 Photo time…
one reply from someone and it will make my whole day ❤❤❤ feeling
i’m so uninterested and unimpressed by every nigga it’s sad. 🤢🤮
me: i’m trying to be more positive ✨ me two seconds later: yo FUCK lacroix that gross ass fruit sweat tastes like someone s…
🌝 But you know that you can't fight the moonlight 🎶 🇨🇦❤️- Photo by…
Follow everyone who LIKES and RETWEETS 💥
If a simple colour is now an offence against the state, what's next? Spanish political police 🚫  …
RT FOR GOODLUCK RT FOR GOODLUCK RT FOR GOODLUCK PLEASE RT I NEED 500 RT 😭 THIS MEAN THE WORLD FOR ME 😭😭 I CAN’T EFFORD IT B…
i have no problem making out with women. tbh they are better kissers 🤷🏼‍♀️💋
But you sold him 💔
DAMN! 😫 This is so fucking hot ✊🏻💦 👉🏻  |
Managernim went and fetch yixing? 😭😭😭 🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻
am I the only one crying?! all these fansites finally active again 😢😢
IG gonna tap datto ass 🤣
Hongki spotted filming 이타카로 가는 길 The road to Ithaca with Yoon Dohyun &amp; Ha Hyunwoo😄 Cr: ftisland_turkey …
Today I learnt Spanish and drew on my shoes ... I wonder what tomorrow will bring 🤔
Feel like watching code of law 🤷‍♂️
Always trying to be the victim 🙄
Almost every guy is guilty of this. Damn! 😖 It hit me! 😞 TRUTH!
Lol. I’m good boo, but thank you. One day.. ❤️🙏🏽
If I’d say my morning wasn’t amazing, I’d be lion 🦁
That moment when you saw your number 1 fan ❤👨
Tables turn, bridges burn. You live &amp; learn. 🤷🏽‍♀️
Dm me for custom artwork 🙂
the hottest married couple™️
🇹🇩 The map of the Austro-Hungarian Empire (1867-1918) overlapping the results of the 2014 presidential elections in Romania…
This will always be funny 😂😭
Told ya 🤷‍♂️
if you’re horny 😇😚🙈
I was like this all week😂😂😂😂
Karl-Anthony Towns watching Harden's air ball sail away 😵
oh my god fans started crying when yixing came out 😭😭😭 MY HEART
Ooohhhhh....i really really really love this color on u. 😍
All This Fake Love Got Me Antisocial 🤷🏻‍♂️
💎 100% free live sex cams 💎 100% free registration 💎 Register now 100% Free ↴ 💎 ••► 💎 ••►…
My new favourite thing to do is to read through the comments from men on models' Instagram photos 😂
Itne bde award me itnii mistakes 😂😂😂omg kuch to gadbad h
I fell in love with the game ! ⚾️
Me neither 🤷🏽‍♂️how do you love someone and fear them at the same time
My sisters guide dog always sneakily walks her into this store without her knowing 😂😍 I love dogs, man …
Great wheels from who goes on to break for a 4-3 second set lead. 🇫🇷🆚🇺🇸
🖌 “Liam Payne has been steadily establishing himself as a bona fide banger king in his own solo career.” talking…
Please RT 🙏💖 I really want this
Happy Friday my dear friend 🌻Mayu🌻Always thank you😊💕🌼🌹🌼
NEED OUT ASAP!🆘️🆘️🆘️PLS SAVE US FROM DEATHROW AT   1 needs med att,but its highly treatable-PLS SEE TEXT…
🕊️Saturday Blessings to All 🌸Gods Grace Is Sufficient🌸 I pray for anyone who is having their own struggles right now, Go…
How is that possible?! 😲
It feels good to see ya Lil brother shinning doing his thang love you 4L kid we going up fasho 💙🤙
45 minutes 2 goals ⚽️⚽️ Mitroglou 🇬🇷💪🏻
Oh no let’s not talk about that lag lol😭
I really need someone. Who can let me borrow her shoulder to cry 😢
Thanks for that smile!! We feel the LOVE!! 😍😍😭😭😭🙈🙌🏻  at Sukkiri Japan! ♥️
🤔 but what about Chepauk and the knowledgeable Chennai fans! 🤔
I rarely do friend follows but if you’re not following this lovely lady Trumper, please do. 🙏🇺🇸
Dying for LM5 😄
SSSS only 1,000 stars?! 😱
Never explain yourself, Your real friends don't need it, &amp; your enemies won't believe it.. MORRNING TWEEPS 💕💕☕
I'm going to do my four tattoos today 💛
You saying that cause you probably don’t 🙄
churrascouuuuu 🍻
Chill in my hotel with my baby❤️
Stockholm right now. ❤️
[PREVIEW] 180421 Jamsil Fansigning Event ©springday_WJ        💕 h…
😂😂😂Fuck the system!
The only people complaining about Starbucks being closed are 👱🏻‍♂️👩🏻 what a surprise. Poor Sarah won’t get her ice…
Retweet for good luck 👐
Please vote for  Por favor voten por     💎
Mood: 🌸🌴
180420 HAPPY EVER AFTER crystal snow ❄️
i can't stop laughing 😂 jungkook started flipping his "hair" because armys told him his hoodie made him look like he had lon…
It’s hereditary baby 🧔🏾👶🏽🌺
Good! Hopefully it’s 🔥
🛑👼🔕🕍🔕👼🛑 Separation of government and religion requires the absence of religion in the government. 🛑👼🔕🕍🔕👼🛑
This new AP set is making my booty pop like🤪
▪because seongwoo's had a lot of schedules, daniel becomes needier and greedier and more eager to fuck his boyfriend▪ https…
Flow is crazyyy🔥🔥
“It’s easier to build strong children than to repair broken men “ - burning sands 💯
Spotted in Saskatoon yesterday. The sticks have finally reached their destination. (📷 Stephanie Galenzoski) 💛💚 …
- 4 streams . 16 songs . Search: Zae Kinchen &amp; Get Hip 💕
in Japan i will be come home🐉❤🐉🙏☘
Had to get a snap with 💕
PLS RT ( nothing like us )  episode 1 📌
Me w/ jinu Eng. 👇🏻👇🏻
4 DOOR JEEP TINTED WINDOWS 20’s ON DA FEET 😷😤😤✂️
Jonghyun and Jinki looking at each other with lots of love ❤️
All what Fela Said About Buhari 😁
Kiara Mia and Lexington Steeles hardcore pussy fuck 👉 👈 free bleeding pussy photos htm…
A New hobbie when high 😭🤣😂😂😂
I have one serious question. How do you manage it, that the vlogs are always more or less exactly 10 minutes long. 😂
180226 © Naver x Dispatch Photo
Look 👀 at these 👇 resources to teach vocabulary from Loads of ideas, awesome 👍👍…
Good game ma team👍
Chai...go get busy😏
Mo Fucking Salah. 4️⃣1️⃣
We've been behind someone in the McDonald's line for like 2 minutes and Lyla just said "oh COME ON LADY" She is her mother's daughter 😂
🤣 STG. 🗣 WHAT THEY UP FOR IF I CANT USE THEM DUMMY ‼️
RT TO SAVE A LIFE (Obv joking 😂) Can you please help me to reach 100 rt?
I’m sick to the point where all food tasted bland 😪
Retweet 👉 Follow 👉 Follow back ⬅⬇ ➡
The star of ⭐702
The visionary decision that Premier John Cain and Environment Minister Joan Kirner made to return Summerland Estate 🏡 on…
😩 I want you on toopppp. I want you to find your favorite spottttt! When you find it make your body rock. You got m…
You and me vs. the world 💖
V’s singing “All of Me” on Japan fan meeting ❤️ ©️ tagged
okaaay 😍😍
Imagine you’re just minding your own business...and suddenly this mv teaser drops out of nowhere....🤧
Fuck 🐷's y'all some Shirley temples
Thank you Mayuli. 😊 Have a wonderful day everyone. 💞🌸 h…
4-1 MAPLE LEAF SQUARE IS ON 🔥🔥🔥 right now!!
🤔 so many to choose.. My favs! East Atlanta, Zone 6, First Day Out, Jewelry, Mirror, &amp; Icy Lil bitch
This reminded me why my I’m a fan of your music🙂🤗Keep winning pastor, as I start voting...:)✊🏼
Excited let's do the job today 🍀💚🍀
Holding hands while walking. 💙
🗣 B-b-b-big dick, thick ass, make ‘em whiplash.. 😈  👅💦  😍
😂😂😂. Perfect time.
Suicide hotline numbers 🌍 United Kingdom 🇬🇧 116 123 United States 🇺🇸 1-800-273-8255 Canada 🇨🇦 1 800 456 4566 Ireland…
MARCK WHAT. A. GUY 💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾
Hope he will not rollback his decision 😂😂
Mark calling NCT 2018 as "18 boys" sounds funny 😂😂😂
Chill in my hotel with my baby❤️
my pet opossums💗💗💗
Session 1 Day 1 ✔️
We take “shotgun” very seriously 🙃
Proud to support  across the world &amp; here in Southern California at the Los Angeles River 🌎♻️🌿…
Wow , i wonder how Kanye's phone sounds after posting 🤔 hope it's on silence
thank you for the suggestion, i know that’s your favourite website 😂
i belong with you i feel it i know it i think you do too ❤
frfr , ain’t NO topping that 👏🏽👏🏽 tyner cut up this year 😻💯🗣
i’m telling you, you really be walking into these 😭
We do it B1G for Spring Football. 😏
1st half AND second half FC. Result AND performance FC. FINALLY 🙌
I👏🏾COULD👏🏾NOT👏🏾MISS👏🏾THIS👏🏾ONE
100k RTS AND LIL YACHTY WILL REMIX WITH MY TEAM!! I GOT 3 WEEKS!! ORIGINAL SONG IN BIO.. PLEASE HELP ME OUT!! 🖤🖤 …
Sharing a double bed with dogs is worse than having a single on ur own I swear 😭
Imagine if I didn't overthink every fkn possible thing on a night and just went to sleep😩😩
⚠️Splash Zone⚠️
🇺🇸🇺🇸👍🏼👍🏼Makes me SO PROUD of my state once again!!!   at Huntington Beach California City Counc…
like that 🌹❤️
Famous lawyer Moses Foh Amoaning condems homosexuality!!!😡😡😡
Goodmorning 🎓💕
Good point that👏
Check out &amp; exclusive  giveaway! Enter now before it's too late 😱
😂 do your riding on the coat tails of your…
LMFAOOOOO bro I’m done with my homie 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
homers ✅ homers ✅ homers ✅
If you're fortunate enough to get a second chance, don't waste it. 🏀
BEST. NEWS. I'VE. SEEN. ALL. DAY. 😂😂 Mexico Wipes The Floor With Trump by Rolling Out ‘Trump’ Toilet Paper. https://…
I see keyleigh on the TL 👀
spooky mystery girlfriends 👻
Why you people fool like that? 😂😂 Taxi Vrs Uber.
my guy i’ve replayed it 4 times, im even putting it in my mix - I WANT MORE BANGERS!!! 🔊🔊🔊
Mingyu: Hyung came up to me and asked "want to take some Boyfriend-look photos??" Jeonghan: right 🤣  …
I'm not losing My Mom 💯😕
Why does my best friend look just like 6ix9ine 😂😂😂😂
Hella black magic on here today.✨
☺☺☺☺funi
48H GIVEAWAY! WIN: Twitch Prime Balaclava 🔥 ☑️ Follow us ☑️ Retweet &amp; Tag a Friend ☑️ Join Group: …
Happy 10th wedding anniversary to Beyoncé &amp; JAY-Z!💍🎉
Wtf bro🤥🤥
Register To Meet And Fuck Some Sexy Girls Get your free tokens now ↴ ⭕️➤ ⭕️➤ …
I know NO JAPANESE BUT I KNOW HIS WRITING IS SO FREAKING CUTE! Agree?!!! 😭😭😭   https…
Kobe’s fucked my stomach up 😪
If we together plz dont cheat on me..Im a recovering Hoe n I don’t wanna relapse😂
this who i do it for🤞🏾
Do you have any true enemies? Who? — Just myself, other than that I dont think so 🤔
Beautiful cherry blossom on the way!! Amazing nature 😍😍😍👌👌👌
YES YOU DID IT GIRL!! You’re officially a GRADUATE! Congratulations 🎈🎉
Ifb. Please read my bio and like this for a follow back 💜
His face got red 🤣🤣😍😍😍
👉  and  Risks of  {Infographic} Full article -
I need people to talk to...! My phone be dry all damn day... ☹️😅
Woah😍😍😍🔥🔥👌🏼👌🏼
RT, REPLY, QUOTE to VOTE: 👉  👉  👉 ⚠️ WE’RE STILL LOSING! And opponents’ mentions are…
My mood right now ☺
Says so on my license plate 😋
Apparently Cassie don't play either. 😂
I LOVE YOU😍
I love my country 🇪🇬
Safe flight boy 💚
Wanting to get a tattoo this summer. 🤗
Mehn I Am So Dead . 😭
Coming soon  😈
Now i see anfield for my first time but the 🔵Vélodrome🔵 are the best atmosphere
'Varanasi - From the Eyes of an American Tourist' maam do read this 😊
[HEADLINE] Pocari Sweat Sales Are At The Highest They've Been Since The Company Started 30 Years Ago 📈
Never Give Up Ajithians 😍 Share Pics/Videos of THALA AJITH and Keep Tweeting with this Below Tag KW PRIDE AJITH BDAY I…
Say Allhamdulillah even if you get an F, because in my book you’re Fantastic😘
🇺🇸California made great strides this week fighting  in protecting CITIZENS against  lunacy!Keep the…
&amp; let me touch you 😭
RT within the next 30seconds for goodluck if you believe in it 💫💸
Having b day breakfast w/Mike ☕️☕️ (@ Emerald City Coffee - in Chicago, IL)
💕cotton candy 💕
✨ 19 east thread ✨
My heart got broken... 💔✌🏼
happy birthday!!🎈
You’ll get there brotha. Don’t stress, just keep grinding👏🏽
You’re on the $$$ 👍
Hey Brad 🌚
This is one of my favorites ❤️
lmao thanks 🤪🤪🤪
Son is so cute 💙
I’m just chillin and doing me 😌
| Harry opening up the show tonight!  April 4, 2018 • ©️ https://t.…
Uuuh it’s Wednesday👀  🌈
cheers🍸
180404 FANSIGN EVENT💙
A thread for 'Don't Leave Me' on US iTunes 🇺🇸 Reply if you can gift the money (doesn't matter if you're not from the US)…
Because they don't suck on men's asses the way you're doing now? 💀
For us to be Successful we go through difficult things or challenges 💔♥😊
Real spritual knowledge according to Geeta 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇
Spots📍
Snow snow snow. Get tae, so close to wrapping this work. Outside all the bloody time getting 😂😂😂
🌅when you do things like this and you set me free, how can anyone get tired?🔥
Totally agree Dave👍😁 have a beautiful day my friend 👍🤗🇳🇱
Keep the same energy 🗣
Will you be my mom 🙂
I ❤️ John Brennan! Keep tweeting, sir. We need your voice!
Remember everyone 24 + 76 = 💯
So sweet, so soft, so warm, so precious. My heart is full ☺️😭🤧💛😊
I've been waitin' for so long For somethin' to arrive For love to come along 😢😢😢😢
This looks like the medicine cabinet in my house 😜
RT:  👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
happy birthday beauty 💐✨💖🌸🐣💕
one week till we’re reunited on the  😩💜😩
Double B!!! B.I and Bobby💛✨✨✨ Slayslayslayslayslay karate kick in the face HAHAHAHA
Ain’t nun of my bitches average 💯
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this ☹
Blessings on blessing on blessings. 🙌🏼
YALL SEE HIS HAND?! IM DYING 😂 THIS HOW MY AUNTIES DRINK WINE 😂 park jimin was getting wine drunk that night &amp; nobody can…
Looks diverse 🤔
Pick one 👉 👈
Yeah no worries! It was a good investment I’ve been pleased with it 👍🏻
"we know iKON wrote BLING BLING" THIS 👏 IS 👏 NOT 👏 A 👏 DRAG 👏
Roll on Saturday 🎉🎉🎉
Preview  🛫
⭐️MARY CONTRARY-NOT AS EXPECTED Not what I expected! I thought she would make my garden grow, but instead she just put poin…
Quite exhausted this week 🙃
EPISODE 3 🚨🚨🚨 [ENG SUB] BTS - Burn The Stage EP.3 (HD) Click CC for subtitles Google Drive: 🔗 …
11:11 Happy ME. 💙
Wish I could just forget you 🤦🏽‍♀️
Can’t wait for family pictures 😍
|| Lynne and Flo making me laugh out loud in the middle of study hall. I can’t 😂
Funniest viner ever dawg 😭😭😭😭
RT - Get the book ➡
i love min pd 🌙
😂😂😂😂. I'm cackling
FGCU's Taylor Bauman leads  this season in saves with 1️⃣4️⃣.
Damien Rice. ..amazing tunes 😍🎶
Maybe. But I always look like I do! 😎
My girl is the only thing keep me sane❤️
STRAIGHTUP WATCH THAT PERFUME BE SOLD OUT IN STORES ALREADY 😂
They ranking 2nd graders now 💀💀
22. he wrong for that 💀
I am sad I missing out on NCT 127 Japanese album release 😭 I will try my best to get them goodies! It be…
You are way too generous Mai, thank you!! ❤
Funniest viner ever dawg 😭😭😭😭
A different type of spring cleaning! 😂
Today we celebrate the life and legacy of our beloved  on what would have been her 90th Birthday. 🎂 “I wou…
📻NP▶️bad vibe - ft. w/ 🎤 on
Lmaoooo I'm crying bruh was finna smash a whole crackhead😭😭
can't help myself but to binge listen Let Go 😂 I wish there will be an MV for this beautiful song 🙏🙏
loving this “spring break” weather 😒
Still not over my makeup on Friday, is an absolute angel, can’t recommend her enough 😻 …
That feeling when you drop an absolute banger 😬
"How to bully JK" 🐯: delete his Overwatch characters "How to bully Tae" 🐰: don't let him play Overwatch this is so ador…
releases ‘Lullaby for Mark’ from his new  'Motherland' out later this month! 🎶 …
Tweet more ARMYs! 🙏
I have a stomachache😇
🔥 Do you Want To Fuck?↴ 🔥 Free Sex Dating Cams↴ 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
The best thing about england is you can have a pint at 9 in the morning😅
♡Don't Treat people as Bad as they are, Treat them as Good as you are.♡ GODBLessBeSafe Loveyou.
⚠️⚠️Psa for all Martin students. If you don’t want three separate lunches that are 30-40 min long, you better start picking…
GUESS WHO'S BACK HERE 🤣
My boyfriend bought me one of these North Face x Supreme jackets and I love it OMG 😍💕 He got it from here: …
That smile God So adorable Please marry me  I love you  My sweetheart 💕
Fallon Carrington 🔥
bruh my lil cousin only 8 years old and his mom found this on his phone 😂😂😂
Last run in the MPLS. joints this season  📰:
You know you’ve made it, once you become your very own action figure 😲 very cool!…
Secret of Mana fan art 😄 (1) (2) (3) (4) https://…
everybody I talked to , I was the prettiest girlll they had , idc idc . 😂
i'm watching mils play journey &amp; the sand looks like glitter. this game is so gorgeous.😍
You three men are so amazing to watch..💛
GUYS HELP ME PLS!! I NEED TO GET 550 RTS! THIS IS REALLY IMPORTANT!! PLS RT Thank you for the opportunity❤ …
Watch broadcast: Giant Rattlesnake 😳 🌵😜🐍
📢 I'm starting live on  !
is on 👀
CANVAS &gt;&gt;&gt; BLACKBOARD 😤😤😤😩😩😩👌👌👌
Cute 🙄
Those 🥊 that was putting his opponents down not working on 3ple g canelo be like let’s eat some 🍖 then 😂😂😂
Sum light for the bird 🤒
I'm not losing My Mom 💯😕
FYI, you've been added as a maker of Datadeck for Teams on h/t 🙌
i Love nct, rv and ptg sosososo much ♥️ bye
Woodworking CNC Router machine ready to go 😘😘 1500x3000mm woodworking CNC Router, ready to ship…
🚨SO EXCITED to see on Sounds Like Friday Night! 🚨 Watch: Friday, 7.30pm 💥
People really be out here half seasoning their food. That is so sad to think abt 😩
love love love...💞💞💞
Poor baby took double the time everyone else did just to set up his equipment... !! MUST PROTECT AT ALL COSTS !! 🙏🏻🙏🏻…
When bts is lifeu.. 😂😂😜😜👍👍🇵🇭
its embarrassing af what a mf will do behind yo back 😂😂😂
Literally allll of em 😂
🎶🎶 I like big butts and I cannot lie, no other brother can deny 🎶🎶
Happy birthday dude! Hope all of your birthday wishes come true! Have a good day! 😸🎁🎈
More ♥️
Gets spanked 3-0: 😂 not my left back
See why this is the best sport in the world! Fabulous!😍
Lmfaoooo fr 😭😂
When there was no wind in the AM🌬
I know just messing with you 😊
Who's against Taehyung having long hair? 😀
&lt;insert Dino rawr for cuteness&gt; 🦖❤️
give yourself gift of silence 🌍🌲
Good Morning. 💕
Truly honoured by this prize which was awarded to me by colleagues - very special day😍😍
For  only, please. 👉Follow all resisters who LIKE &amp; RETWEET this tweet. 👉Don't forget to  as soon…
Here’s a cooler company that actually supports your Rights. 👇🏻
McDonald’s sprite be stronger then Hennessy straight 😂
Music is everything ♥️
yeah..... 😐
Trying to figure out how I can watch this alongside 👀
1. Marijuana 2. Cocaine 3. I Found A Way by Drake Bell 😔🙏🏽
HOW. TO. UNSEE. THIS? 😶
...oh my...just had to 😊 Feel free to RT or ❤️
peachhh🍑
Turns out I was still being sent codes but they were redirected to the Spam folder 😐 Giving away 3 Valentin…
*At BTS Fanmeeting* BTS : Hello 😄 Me : *Grinning till jaw hurts* Hi BTS : So, How many memes of us do you have? Me :…
How do you feel EXO? We hope we can see the preview of  at Inkigayo 💞❤❤❤❤❤ OT9 🙏
☎️Call☎️ ..... 📱Tweet📱 Grassley 202-224-3744 Hatch 202-224- 5251 Co…
Great pics and a great night! 😁 thank you!
why do all Mexican moms be like “quien es?” when u try to show them something funny on social media 😂
[Mwave NEWS]  ' "DNA" Is Now The Most-viewed K-Pop Group MV of All Time View more ▶️ …
➊ Follow All That Like and Retweet! ➋ Follow Back All!🎈 Follow for instant follow back🔵
Happy St George’s Day! 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
🔬
SHUTUP i’ve never had a calippo i was guessing😭😭
jungwoo is so precious I’m crying © eve
Mohamed Salah joins the Player of the Year Hall of Fame 💯
RT game extended for another hour whilst he drives to his GF's house 😈 keep rinsing the douche bag!
Converse 1 stars : tied ✅😩 Brckhmptn shirt : ironed 😌✊🏼 Juul : charged 🤓🔋 Heart : broken 😔💔
Just realized it’s been a while since I’ve posted anything sexy. 😇 20 RT’s and I’ll post a 1 min vid of me fingering my s…
I need 20 followers to reach 30k😱. I’m following back the next 20 ppl who follow me in the next 24 hrs 💖💖💖 …
[INSTAGRAM] 180424 smmakesit_live Instagram Update with EXO: "🌟 !t Live Special : The behind the scenes of SMTOWN LIVE WO…
Well Durant left for a reason 🤷‍♂️
Where are you on the food chain? 😂 (via /u/obenj)
You’re so pretty 💘💘
[OFFICIAL] 180424 Sehun Instagram Update: “You’re the best🤣”
Nigga I don’t fucking know you🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Ps Phillip's message from Sunday is now available here👇He shared some gems about developing healthy relationships.
On a date ❤️
A 6 foot bong rip from Action Bronson to celebrate 4/20 😂
Morning friends 😁 Wherever you go always take a Smile with you 😁😁
Niceee alors😉❤️
Who's Shirley 😋
Y’all wang bitches wit fat asses, I needa girl who be pokin😍
Retweet and Like if you want to gain more followers🌈
Here we go again 🤦🏾‍♀️
This Championship is for the boys ☝🏻
Can any one get this puzzle solve👇A politician turned comedian with comedian turned politician or Vice Versa an…
Me af 😂
this gif 💞💖
Great shot Gubie!! I’m collecting all of your Stadium pics..... ⚾️👍🏻
Bring it on!!! 🏒💛🐧
Blessed to see another year! 🙏🏽
We happily interrupt your Monday morning blues with this photo of Magnum Moon as a baby!❤️
[Mwave NEWS]  ' "DNA" Is Now The Most-viewed K-Pop Group MV of All Time View more ▶️ …
Wow its a tie ate bong 😄 Again thank you po sa 1TL mo 👏👏👏
I started singing caress me down by sublime in the middle of Kyle going down on me last night, whoops 🤷🏻‍♀️
if i saved every dollar I ever spent I’d be so wealthy right now😭
2014 🏆 2018 🏆 Congratulations Barcelona,  champions for the second time! 👏👏👏
We love the color scheme of setup. Thanks for sending it in! 🖤💚
☀ Hiring:  Sales Representative Location : Burnaby, Canada, B
Our staff picked the 100 greatest boy band songs of all time 😎
Thank you bby 💛💛💛
david and david ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Haha I’m never late! If anything I’m always early and getting in trouble for overtime. 😍😘
Brehhhh. You can strap yo neck up like an old school Riddell helmet now 😒
Enjoy Welch's® Fruit Rolls &amp; save $ with this coupon! Image by
Somebody said Kanye only talk to us when he wanna sell something 😭😭😭
🔷😎👍 Nothing beats a hard-on! The numbers so far:
Dah besar,taknak paksa siapa-siapa untuk stay, if u want to stay ,i’ll be your .And if dont want, just go away😊
Artist: world tour 😍💞😍💞 World Tour:
Look at the way Davido curved someone’s daughter 😩😩😩
Trump childishly bans Democrats from his first state dinner. 👇👇👇 Proving once again how unpresidential he is, Trump…
really brought out and tonight!!! This night was legendary 🔥🔥
Most Celebrated Couples Forever.💞
The card for WWE Live in Paris on May 19th. 🧐
My kind of diet !! Xx😂🍸
beautiful child 🌸🌺😘
Ariana via instagram:  choreographed by my brilliant brothers   💧☔️ …
🎉Spring Day reached 100M streams on Gaon on the 7th week of 2018! 🌸Congrats BTS and ARMY🌸
Kim Heechul final words 😂😂😂
Good Morning 😋🤤👅
RT: Hands-on fun with teams for Summer camp  Limited Spots available. 🆒 🌞 🕰️
A love for sunflowers 🌻
[GIF] she's still learning 💦💪💪
Lol really? He’s referencing a scene from a movie . 🤦🏾‍♂️
💥💥 GOOD QUESTION 💥💥 What say you MR. RYAN 😏
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
I´m here, I want to and I will always be here For you Whenever you're ready ❤️
RT if you're into girls who lift 😏🤓😘
Respect for  from  greatest ever player, Francesco Totti 👑
On My Life 💍🤦🏽‍♂️♥️
You twitter people will not go to heaven 😂😂😂
Had to put him on skates😂
I legit got 2 jobs in 2 DAYS ! God said you like money “ well here you go “ 🙏🏾👏🏽😎🤷🏾‍♀️
The Addams family or the clown faced monster dragged out of a drain? 🤔
Sunny days, happy smile, Celtic always 🍀
behind the scenes part 1 coming today💧
❌ 2008/09 ❌ 2009/10 ❌ 2010/11 ❌ 2011/12 ❌ 2012/13 ❌ 2013/14 ❌ 2014/15 ❌ 2015/16 ❌ 2016/17 ❌ 2017/18 😳 10 consecutive ye…
I will complain about menstrual cramps until I die 💔
Toulouse 🇫🇷 with Bart Skils, and Tickets &amp; info: …
Prom 2018 👑
🐮"주지마" PAK GIVEAWAY🐮 1x SIGNED PINK FUNKY ALBUM. • Free worldwide shipping. • 1 Winner only • No saved accounts • RT &amp; ❤…
Good Morning All Americans President Trump is your President every last one of you 🇺🇸
🔔 [ MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS ] ↗ DAY 7: April 23, 2018 [OVERALL] 👉 KPOP REVOLUTION 1. 8.770M (+2.031M) 🔥 2.…
The muted, less saturated color grading looks so pleasing to the eyes plus points to Source Music again 😩😻 …
hell yea tryna be funny &amp; shit 😭 im sorry tho we coo now tho .
I’m cute. Buy things. Pern and extras 🦄 🐲 Live cam 🦖 …
Do you Love Brazilian  Retweet ❤ ➡ ➡ ➡ ➡
🔛 📻🎶 -   ▶- A-LIST by 🎤-
180422 - PackPalitChoke First Date Concert~ 🌸      …
Before an after his owner called him fat 😖
Mohamed is his inspiration, no matter what 🕌 name is on this murderin…
started my job today, and I found some great places to hide/cry. so I think I’ve done enough tbh 🤷‍♀️
You twitter people will not go to heaven 😂😂😂
◦𓏶☐∷﹏  ,  ﹏ OPEN FORM NOW - 30 APRIL ∷☐ᚎ◦ ▀ꤱ⸋ ̘˓ ⌷ 🌹ONLY FEMALE 📋…
[MY GO] Solar &amp; Moonbyul 'Kidmomo' by 🔥 LAST DAY 👉DM me for info / place order at …
Jermaine snapped on the new album 👏🏿
LiAngelo Ball could actually go Undrafted 😂😂
So beautiful, I love you ❤️
When would be the best time to put in your two weeks? Before or after your performance plan asking for a friend... 🤔
4 years ago vs 2 weeks ago. LOOK HOW SKINNY I WAS 😭
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show 🔥Tonka〽️ontana:
lol Dude 😂🤣
RT: Stacy C. Sherwood Community Center for  cool games    🕰️🖥️🎮💎
My friend* I have love for that kid*😂
Yay I figured it out 😛😛😛
Thank you po ❤
GIRLS BE NEXT STEP…‼︎
I just realized that his piercing is the thing that you pull in a soda can 😂
Dear Black twitter , something is missing... who wants to do the honors ???😁😁😁😁
“So who you trynna look cute for 🙄” 😂😂
180420 JAPAN FM watching you from afar gives my heart happines to the stars✨
I sneak wine + liquor + drugs and an entire picnic into the show with me . I wish a bitch would be ungrateful 🤨
Disseminating all information with love and grace . Everytime . Everywhere . A living Goddess... she true 💜🌈✨🙏🏾👑 …
now this chick woke 🤦🏾‍♂️
🔥AssOfTheDay
JUNG HAE IN WILL BE IN MANILA NOW WHERE TO SELL MY KIDNEYS 😭💖
🚨| Sangria Wine is featured in Columbia Records’ “coming soon” section of their radio promotion email! …
My shit was dumb turned up bro. He didn’t care 😂
Doesn’t matter. 😍
15 Realistic Disney Princesses 😍😍😍 ...Elsa looks incredible at  😱😘💕
Happy Birthday to  Jeno!  🎉 Catch up with him:
A THREAD 👇🏾 please read and leave all of your negative comments outside of this forum. - WSSU MANAGEMENT
Badly putting on suncream 😂😂😂😅
The dramatic ending tho wow 😂
Happy birthday! 🎉
⏱ FINE PARTITA!  3⃣-1⃣
I get crazier and crazier after every relationship 🙂🤷🏾‍♀️
💎 100% free live sex cams 💎 100% free registration 💎 Register now 100% Free ↴ 💎 ••► 💎 ••► https://t…
Follow all who Retweet and Like this 🎰 Gain with  ✨  ✨ ✨  ✨  ✨
Thank you!😊 x
🚨 THIS IS NOT A DRILL. Netflix is making a  animated series
Happy 22nd birthday to the younger of the Marquez bros, 🎂🎈🎁
😂😂😂I think he's a comedian, this can't be for real
I just don't know how he does it 🤷‍♀️😜
Catching aII my staIkers😩 Search InstantReport in the App Store!
-Do you know BTS aka International Pop-K Sensational SUNSHINE RAINBOW Traditional Transfer USB Hub Shrimp BTS⁉️ -Billbo…
this month I will be kinder to myself &amp; manifest growth in all aspects 🌿
12:00 HOLA NYC!!! 😱😍
they are trying to make this kid Carl 2.0 and I'm not for it. he's so annoying
🚨THIS SATURDAY🚨
If you don’t lose friends you ain’t growing 😌
I respect him he can cross with his right foot 😁😎
NEWS: "KARAKAI JOZU NO TAKAGI-SAN" Plays a Pint-Sized Prank for April Fools' Day ⭐️ More: https:/…
Make this little bunny cum on tonight at 10 pm central time! 🐇💦
, so glad pregnancy skipping me I gotta have a blast this summer . 🤫💅🏾
Believe Woo close. - mySUGAfaith 안녕👋🏻 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ     BTS_twt
Jimin!! I love you baby! 💜
Tae legit just went on the fancafe and asked what army’s are doing😂 like he doesn’t know?!
Here are some  bunnies drawn by Beatrix Potter! 🐰💐☀️ After feasting in Mr McGregor’s lettuce patch, the Flopsy Bu…
this is the time, i play this beautiful character again. See you guys soon ❤️
carat, follow who retweet this 💘
[🌏] 방피디님 (Bang PD-nim) is trending in Korea, guess because of what? 😂
Another sexy   video ➡️⬅️ RT if you like 😜😜
I cringe every time I read this 😭 it deadass bothers me that it got that much attention 😭😭😭😭
Steve Carell's presentation at the 2007 Emmy Awards is everything 😂
This rain 😩 I wanna cuddle 😂
Yes, Jesus is alive. He is alive &amp; well in all of the hearts who love him.  🌸💕
g to answer ur questionz. Hmu. 🕊
I really am 🤣💘
Only thing I can do is keep it real on my end . I can’t force shit 🤷🏾‍♀️
💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼For your Weekend Workout... (Metabolic Plus | Fat Burner For Men &amp; Women) Check it out -&gt;…
Happy Birthday Fred and George Weasley. Thankyou for teaching me that sometimes all you need is a good laugh. ♥️
Dawg.. Easter bunny came in dancing on they ass 😂
😱🤦‍♀️😳 Wow, you're just a bundle of joy! You don't think very much of people... now do you? Maybe anot…
+TANNER ILYSM YOUR ACCOUNT IS AMAZING 💝💓💞💗💞💖💖💘
Never not love you didn't disappoint✌🏻
🧡💛FREE A- RT with and Follow me! Ends April 21st and winner will be chosen April 22nd via me…
Had fun on the stream tonight 😁😁😁
Pay attention to the ppl that stay by your side ... faces come and go 💯
and thanks for the support I still love you 😍 and the sodas 🥤 they’re delicious! So thanks again!
Verified ) Welcome and have fun! ❤️🐻
[📽] Melon X  🔗
Happy Easter 🐰
OH MY DAYS 😨👀👀👀 A very VERY Happy Easter!!! 😬
'90s kids still remember this? This thing was dope 🔥
priceless 😭❤️
Me too, i will come with you😊
Still unbeaten! Still 🔝! 🔵🔴
800K+ Tweets 🔥🔥 Fans 😎💪
You get on my nerves dude😂
JaiNtr 💪💪 1297
Our poor friends.😩😩
I WILL DRIVE TO YOUR HOUSE RIGHT NOW AND PLAY WITH YOUR DOG!!!!!!! 😔😔
Imagine sitting in Jannah and listening to the different stories of each Prophet😭❤.
Aries soon! ♈️
Rainbow Kush 🌈😍
Hateu🖕
I know you niggas lyin. Cause if y’all wasn’t buyin em. Females wouldn’t be sellin em 🤷🏾‍♂️ just keep it g withbme that’s al…
Love you so much Kenz! Thanks girl 💕
NO. HE. DIDN'T. 😳
💎 100% free live sex cams 💎 100% free registration 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ Click ••► Click ••►…
I STAN EXO-POP NOT K-POP 🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣
I’m out homeboy 😂😂😂 c’mon now, this is a marriage not a school crush.
OOOOOOOWWWWW GREEN 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
me too girl!!! 😍
🤞🏾❤️- you my cousin by association lowkey😂
Sweet Vice 😍❤️
I spent the day in London yesterday and FINALLY made it to the shop 😍 well that…
Lol i just muted somebody for that same reason like 2 mins ago 🤦🏽‍♂️😂
Very tired please 😭
A fun day out with 🐎 getting a second place for the team and third place for me!   bac…
Be sitting at the computer wrapped in a big ass cover😂
🚨🔥NEW MUSIC🔥🚨 - Be Careful Cardi B’s debut album drops 6th of April  🇿🇦 X 🇺🇸 …
BANG! BANG! BANG! 💣 💥 🔥 🔥.. HAVE YOU TRIED THIS 💯 👉 LIKE 👉 RT 👉 FOLLOW ALL LIKES AND RETWEETS 👉 FOLLOW BACK ALL DON'T…
Which means the seniors last time dancing with us 😭😭😭
Thanks so much! It’s a new era and I’m building up. 5-Star that! 😂😂😂
More of this photo session👇
WOW: with this unbelievable strike to equalise for vs 😱🚀🔥 (🎥 https://…
daddy ✨
RT theScoreesports "Send us your hype 🙌🙌  "
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭What did I just watch? 😂 😂 😂 😂
the whole — ❣️ gain bts mutuals, gain nct mutuals, gain got7 mutuals, gain exo mutuals ❣️ — thing is always s…
Wenger hails Aubameyang for Lacazette gesture 🔥 Football News:    ♻️ Retweet to let you…
take care... busy eh? Anyway take care of your health... 💪💕
Like please 🙏🏻🕊🎼😻
Thank you 😊
750K+ Tweets🔥 Bring it to 1M🔜
🔥 Seductive 🔥
Hop like a🐇happybunny🐰 to for Shyla's Premium Snapchat🎍
Tammu ma's negative shade 🔥
they really got my ass kjsjs 😭😭 I really thought it was hyperbeat
Black women ain’t having the disrespect no more! Lmaooo I’m weak! 😂😂😂😂
we would have so much fun 😄
I still hear this Carmelo Anthony punch in my dreams 😩😂
Remy fuck the shit out of Babyface..🔥🔥
It’s Grindin But Hee😈
Some people travel the world to find Love, some travel to find themselves 🙂
Why y’all got me crying in the club rn 😪😭
My heart is so full today. 💙 I can’t even describe how much the last…
Top 10 most views Kpop group MV released in 2018 on Youtube:    🔥🔥,
Always naughty 😜😜😜
Sunday Vibes🙏🏻  KιngOʄ♛Jυnιor
HAPPY EASTER EVERYBODY 🐰🐰🐰🐰🐰🐰
[HQ] 170323    @ ICN Airport &amp; arrival in Bangkok © CTRL_All | wenever940221
Welcome to my life 😫😭
Follow everyone that likes and retweets this 💋🐣💋 Follow👉 💋   💫  💫
Follow everyone who LIKES this🌙🌀🌙🌀🌙🌀🌙🌀 ➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖
What Easter is all about... trying to find the perfect sized mini egg 🧐
Yesterday at  with my best guy 👑✨💜
Happy Easter 🐣🐰🐇
I'm related to Vermeer!!!😇
Yeah but Jimin is still the winner at 10:50 so we good💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻
Happy peaceful Easter🙏🌟🐣🎶❤️
i asked my girl who she texting and she said her boyfriend 😂😂 i forgot i’m the side nigga LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO…
ever since Isabel and John loves Kathryn and here we go their little one, my heart. ♥
Last day here in Bali 😞 I will miss everyone.
🎉🎉🎂🍰✨ GLADIO ✨🍰🎂🎉🎉 ✨✨🎉🍴HAPPY BIRTHDAY🍴🎉✨✨
Yaa ..waht about u😆
tots on gwen ong — SHES MAH GWENNNY ❤️❤️ I miss her so much sa team :((
Never turn your back on the game 🙈 This Woking defender could have been the hero... 😭
🔥INSANE  Giveaway🔥 Retweet &amp; Follow Follow Winner at 750 retweets!
Sunflowers and roses together are a SERIOUS mood. 😭
Isolation ☺️
, so glad pregnancy skipping me I gotta have a blast this summer . 🤫💅🏾
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭What did I just watch? 😂 😂 😂 😂
APRIL GIVEAWAY🌻🌿🌸 Who is ready to get their life together one Self care ritual at a time💖 RT + Follow Me to enter💕 http…
What do you guys think of “Made To Be” then? 🤔👀 JT🎩
Happy Easter🐣
They don’t knoooow😭
RETWEET MY NEXT TWEET TO 🅱️E NEXT 🅱️IDEO'S SHOUTOUT! (CHOOSING 5) ALERT THE 🅱️EEMO GROUPCHATS! 🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️🅱️…
These Two are for you Abuela🙏🏽❤️☝🏽
This is eating me up inside 😢
Thank you. I will🙏🏾
Nje, don't play and catfish people on social media🤣
One time a dude told me I looked like Anthony Davis &amp; I was pissed! 😠😡🤬😤
Right Emily hahahaha. Who do u think you are 😂😂
11 Days ka wait =  and it's still going too strong 😂
🆘 The gap is getting closer and we have 4 days to go! So please MBBs, keep on voting, each vote can be very helpful to
🐰🐰🐰  from - don't forget to watch  tonight on at 8pm after you've finished…
Opinions are priceless this website pays $100 for each survey and $100 extra when you validate your email. ♻️ …
Happy Easter Deshawn 😪🏧
171109 — © parn studio
cover pic 😍😍😍.👌
Full of pain but I’m steady shinin💔
Freedom of Speech...Sorted...  🤣🤣🤣
sweet dream. 😴
🆘‼😯🔥 Where does the hatred come in Germany? The daily headlines ... "50 offenses! Appraiser believes the intensive offe…
Successful surgery: Zsuzsanna Tomori sidelined for six months ... ➡️
LMFAO!! 😂😂
retweet to spread cuteness💞
Mujhe srk se unblocked karwa do 🤣
A fan gave Wanna One's Park Jihoon a Tata Doll~ So cute 😭😳💜
i gagged writing it😂
I love my kings 💕 Wes and
I want to be at the beach every weekend from Memorial Day to Labor Day 🤷🏾‍♀️
This mama dog was keeping her puppies warm inside a doghouse when someone else decided to join her 💞
180401 SUPER SHOW 7 in Taiwan 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
This is absolutely amazing. This is my buddy’s son up to bat but please watch the catcher. Let’s make this guy known! 👏👏…
God may I receive Good news in the month of April IJN 🙏🏾
Tag one person and don’t say anything 🚶‍♀️🚶‍♀️  Source: krakshq
Ooooooohhh 😅 I thought you were with the army fam nvm idk how navy boot camp is but I’m sure you’ll be fine good luck man!
He Lost His Virginity To Her?! 😳 Look at
The love between two people with adorable height difference❤️ 最萌身高差😊
YOU'RE MY SM💕
finally jgh 😩
That little boy grew up to be who we now call Post Malone. 🖤
bruh... that nigga gay😭
If my mouth doesn't say it my facial expressions seriously will ❗️
Yea bruh he on the chorus he went off 😂
Ben Simmons was in his 💼
I can't stop laughing 😭
I love you too sweetie! We are so close!!! 💖💖💖
Lol sis I can't deal with you either 😭💔
Who Jah bless no man curse🙏🏽😎
📹 thestateonmtv: This is so weirdly hypnotic.
Demetria Lovato has sexy armpits 👅
To all the people that are participating in  Happy Easter 🐣🐰
😂If heads to the locker room tonight (and does not return) we will split $50 with 5 RT &amp; FOLLOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!💰💰💰…
I haven't laughed like this in a while. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Kai is freaking hot 👅
ALRIGHT GUYS SO HERE IS THE NEW FULL VIDEO !! 🎉✨ RT FOR THAT CHEEKY DM! 💕 Ep. 8 - MY FIRST EVER HEELS DANCE CLASS!! (EMBARR…
And food 🙌
Arte arte 😂 🎥: Mark Joseph Casumpang 😘
Starbucks cat approves😂
. . .⚖️TRUMP JUDGE SELECTIONS = 9TH CIRCUIT: Trump To Replace Leftist…
Still can’t believe my best friend is gone (3) 😢🙏🏾 watch over me n da kids bro, ❤️ u
HQ 180408 Puma Fansign     ©MoNiJunNi
One time for black girls supporting each other 🗣👏🏾
What that tell you? 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
My girlfriend too pretty to be fighting if you fight her I’m slappin the fuck outta you😂😂💯
RT: Extended Stay ExtendedStay  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
We will graduate this graduation in Shaa Allah 😭🙏🏼
The more shows I miss the more I think about throwing one here 🤔
Who could forget this goal 😱😱 Which one was your favourite from March? 🔥 Get voting now 👉 …
“hell yeah” my dad hates me 😂😂
Cant wait till I get to where I wanna be in life 😩 . Thats all I worry about . 🤷🏽‍♀️ Cause im going to Succeed w/ or w/o an…
2015-2018🗓️ They've been through a lot 💕
hey, scroll down 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 ht…
5 minutes enjoyment, 9 months rest, If u Kno u know 🗣️🏃😂
Versatile and Stylish Actor of Indian cinema 😎
Manchester fans after Fearnly said they could go Conti.. Don't get too excited, calm yourselves 😉
Some of you love tight dresses but the only thing sticking out is your bellies 🤦🏾‍♂️
Thank you Merries! We won the first place for the seventh time! We feel so blessed🙈❤️ Thank you for all the love and sup…
HEY DEMON 🤪🤪🤪😍😍😍
Can’t wait 💕
I ain’t neva trippin u can have da bitch ✌🏾 but ima send her back wit her pussy lips lookin jus like 🐫 lips
Catching alI my stalkers 😩Search InstantReport in the App Store!
Just in case y’all boys needed a reminder... chase the paper, not the 😺
Today's  topic is "The emergence of the glorious church ⛪ " Tune in to now and be blessed 🙏🙏🙏
I’m a veteran now but hey 👋🏽😝
📷 daddythehedgehog: matthew gray gubler is a specimen from another planet
I’m 5’5 😋 GAY 🐱 and a Cancer ♋️ who next ?¿
What if when HES finally READY 😒😒 SHES finally DONE ‼️‼️‼️🤦🏽‍♀️ That’s called a him PROBLEM 🤣
HAPPY FOUNDERS DAY TO ALL OF MY BEAUTIFUL HERMANAS ACROSS THE GLOBE! 💖💜 *gamma call* 💕We are the biggest and we’re dam…
BAEKHYUNcs teaser for blooming days reached 1M views♥ DON'T FORGET OUR GOAL EXOL✌ 8M VIEWS FOR MV ON YOUTUBE.
Don’t overwork yourself ☝🏻🙏🏻
😀 Wh-what is that? Can that… thing you're riding be the fabled Lord of the Mountain?! 🐇🦌🦄
WEMBLEYYYY😁😁⚽️⚽️
I might be a bickenhead 😂😂
it’s 2018 girls, we don’t cry over boys anymore. we make them cry over us.😚
I’m so horny, 20rts and I’ll play with my self at work again😏😘
180408 PUMA PREVIEW💖 He said he receive the in-ear already💞😭!!        htt…
My throat hurts so much 😭
Here We Go Today CountDown Tag 👉  Spread The Word🔥
I want this! I want ALL of this!! 😩 I cried in 350 damn languages watching thiiiss :')
😞he gitchuuuuuuu
Bro this movie was too funny😂
thanks i love you❤️❤️
NIALL &amp; HARRY GIVEAWAY TIME🎉🎉🎉🎉🔥🔥 Number of winners: 2-3 (not sure yet) What you can win?: anything in the pictures…
The hero has fallen. You will always be the “Mother of our Nation”🇿🇦 Rest In Power Mama  You played an i…
🌌 Thankful you're my day one
Thanks baby!!! I love u 💓
They are hypocrites and that's what we called karma😂😂
When you’re a THREAT you’re ALWAYS a target 🤷🏽‍♀️
Thanks to my amazing chiropractor for getting me back to my  &amp;  👌🏻
Hero! Pls be at RAW tomorrow to do the same 👌🏼
I'm so happy Nia deserves it so much 👏
CAN'T. RETWEET. THIS. ENOUGH. 🔥🔥 Watch Fox host PANIC after graphic shows Fox News is LEAST TRUSTED network. https:/…
This is what me and do after announces they are going to be parents!!!! 😂😊💕👶🏻 …
Please help, man needs his boat! 🙏🏻
“Fitzsimmons is still not cleared for combat.” BABIES. INNOCENT BABIES. 😭
I'm so heartbroken and mad at myself for being careless. I hope I can still recover all those files. 😭 How is everyon…
⚽️¡¡FINAAAAAAL!!🏟👏🏼  2️⃣-0️⃣ ¡Sumamos ➕3️⃣! ✅! 💪🏼¡GRACIAS  nueva alegria en casa! 🏟…
Characterized by the beauty of his lavish voice and high morals🌟📍 SultanAlqahtani • • Offi…
My 5 year old sister singing ‘mans not hot’ 😂😂
Aw you will love the Marbella 😍☀️
Tough Times Don't Last When You A Solid Nigga💯
Follow everyone who retweets this 🌱
Haha go on the girl 🤙🏼🤙🏼
It's sitzprobe day for  ahead of tech and show week! 🎼⏰💖
Oh my god!! we made it we reached 6 Million tweets for  i'm so happy and proud!! yes EXO and EXOL did that!!! 😭…
But I'm sure if a white kid applied to 20 &amp; got accepted to all 20 they'd be losing their shit... 🤔 congrats to tha…
6️⃣5️⃣0️⃣ career goals for Cristiano Ronaldo! 🔥
Congrats on your 500❤️ tweet!
Namjoon being shy after doing cute heart thing makes my heart melts😭 Please someone jail me because i really want to ki…
I can’t wait 🤣🤣😬
Fun weekend! Thank you for the post birthday treat, &amp; Disco ball ulit next time? 🤣  …
With you , it will that always be ❤️❤️
1000 REPLIES 📣
Quick fact: Our smart platform 🧠 will have its own marketplace, which means that each member of Robotina's community will…
Christos Anesti! Happy Greek Easter to all of my Friends and Family! 🇬🇷🇬🇷🇬🇷🇬🇷🇬🇷🇬🇷.
🐥[KPOP EXPLOSION] PM 12~1 KST 1. : 150.9K+ ⚠⬇ 2. : 82K+
Lil sis yayou Penda ❤️ amine niou bok lepp Fall diagaa i love u❤️❤️❤️
i know if one of them die you gone be hurt 😔 — Hurt ain’t the word they family
yaampon gemeeeees 😭❤😭❤
🎤  - EVERYDAY cover by Dragon Stone 💕💕
If someone is looking for a useful and convenient 📰 news app, I advise u to try Feedѕtеr. I have not…
What a result! 💪
Cocksucking  😍😍😍
♥️🔥WANNA GAIN ♥️ ♥️🔥RETWEET THIS ♥️ ♥️🔥LIKE THIS ♥️ ♥️🔥FOLLOW EVERYONE THAT LIKES AND RT♥️ ♥️🔥FOLLOW ♥️…
Let's!!! 🙌🙌
Gone 🙂
💥 HOT ACCOUNT 💥 👉 👈  ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Miracle is in love shame 😍
Have you ever placed a  directly in a  group and won a prize? Well, in 10 hours you can! 🏒 Join us now: htt…
Lmao I really don’t understand why my heart is beating 😂😂
i did NOT think they'd answer PLS RT AND I'LL SHARE MY SPINACH ARTICHOKE DIP WITH ALL OF U 👏🏻
&amp; Britney bitch 😂
did you just quote nat 🤧
This is a chicharrón...🙄Y'all need to catch up
Good Morning Kingdom 💛
Crazy how much life changes when you have the right people around you in the right setting 😊
Happy birthday🎂🎂🎁🎁🎉🎉🎊🎊🎈🎈
so many people here at Jonghyun’s memorial for his birthday 💚
Cc Sir please do the needful 🙏🙏
WHOS MANS IS THIS 🤦🏻‍♂️
IF PLAYBOI CARTI WAS JAMAICAN😂😂😂🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲
Happy Sunday Funday.🍻
Visiting Kata Beach in Phuket is a MUST. 😍
Hoony's ig update "The secret of being popular" And Shin PD left a comment "Stop...." IM CRYING😂😂😂 …
Annyong haseyoo ✋🏻
20180409 BKK🎱 Always stand by your side🎱
So then there is this↘️ GOP Rep Meadows: If Rosenstein Doesn't Turn Over Docs, We Will Move to Impeach↘️ | Breitbart https:…
My mums 😂
You ain’t bout to get a reaction outta me. All you gone get is a bet , ok , or lol. Thats bout it 🤷🏾‍♂️
😂😂😂 DMF hasn’t been doing them right these past 2 weeks shem. 🤣🤣💀💀
Thanks DUBAI 😄
Trappers can make a song out of anything. 🔥😂 Watch all my videos on:
Jordan Crawford of the in the ZO2 Prime Remix tonight 👀 📸 …
🕺Yeah 👏 sex 👏 is 👏 good 👏 but 👏 have 👏 you 👏 tried 👏 beating 👏 a 👏  👏 level 👏 after 👏 100+ 👏 deaths?💃 http…
This shit not funny til u open it 💀💀
I mean the barn yard animals joke was kinda on point 😂
🎶We are grateful Yes, we are grateful For all the things You've done for us So, we proclaim that You're amazing You deserve…
The legent superstar 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
YOOA! WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN? I'M LOOKING FOR YOU AND THE OTHER TOO 😭
my own worst enemy for real 😣
LOVE YOU SRK LOVE YOU KKR KKR HAI TAIYAAR 🔥
Deepika Padukone for OPPO F7  First sale starts tomorrow at all OPPO stores 😉
Keeping that red flag flying high 💪🔴
Praying for an illiberal state.  🇭🇺
Still working on our videos! Editing process is longer than we thought! 😬
Is there actually Greece 🇬🇷 hype?
And now My Nigga’s Gone they want me to be strong how 🤔
see you at dreamland 🌈
Whooooooo is at  right now???? Come find your girl lookin fly as fuck near the dance tent 💕🏳️‍🌈
NEW PHOTO 📷 | "zarskie via Instagram: Be on the outlook for episode 21 of when this duo makes magic!!!!!! .…
Feel like pure shit just want them back 😪
My school sent out a warning about cougar sightings &amp; some kid replied this to the entire school 💀💀 …
April 8th, 2018 another little princess was announced🎀 Wow, I’m beyond excited for my girls!! Luckiest parents in the wo…
ME AND LEIYA Good Night😛
SHUTA JUNE 4 ANG CLASS???? 54 DAYS LEFT ☹
So cute so cute! 🤧
tonight not my night ig.🤷🏾‍♀️ alr gn
🎥 Isake Katonibau “We’ll go out there in the final &amp; play our hearts out for the nation of Fiji &amp; the fans”…
from what I remember I started my 21st well 🕺🏻🕺🏻
📍 Gold's Gym 🏋🏾
Nike tech fleeces are so peng but yet so expensive 🤕
The umbrella thou😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
The X without a screen protector is so dangerous but yet so damn pretty lmao 😂 but I need a new screen protector AGAIN
Lol @ the fact that my mom was crying for me and graduation pictures 😂😂😂
JBJ is a family JBJ is where everyone will always joyfuls A place filled with happiness And no one is left behind 💕 I'm stil…
Big men beefing girls over twitter walahi the world has come to an end 😂😂😂😂
it was a look back in the day 👀
180408 Puma Fansign 🐰 OP used the back of her hand to do the hi-5 with JK JK: Why do you do it like that? (imitates) OP: Ah…
wants on his new song with 👀
mom won’t even ask me what i want to eat anymore because she knows i always want mexican...😂
SOMETIMES THE FIRST FEW TWEETS O THE MORN ☺️ KINDA  TO CHILL WAIT FOR ALL O SO CALLED FIN.TWIT KETCHUP! SPECIFIC
SO CUTE 😢
Goood night 💛 You’re currently in the mood for...
Nobody gets out of this life ...alive 👻
Tee Grizzley 2 Vault 🔥🔥
You a fan if you saying my name and we don’t speak. 🤫
CMG  TILL TOMORROW! (15:00) -  - Follow &amp; - Tag a friend You can win 5$ CMG! 🔥 …
Teephlow tho ❤️🔥
Yo knees clean af your childhood must’ve been boring😂😂😂
how many rt's for got7 hyung line in leader jacket + haired up? 🔥🔥🔥    htt…
🌟🌟🌟 More prizes have arrived for our competition. 🌟🌟🌟 Get your thinking caps on, we’ll be asking you to share your favourit…
I voted for  on is the most badass heroine series 👊
😘 Hap…
BEST. VIDEO. YOU'LL. SEE TODAY. 😂😂 Melania did NOT want to Trump's hand.
RETWEET FOR A DM 🔥🔥
You’re going to cry a river after watching this 😭
Hai love love 🖐🖐👏
I'm now officially on my full license! - mum driving because I forgot my license😑
Petition fraud. Millions of illegals signed the petition ILLEGALLY. But no one reports this. Fake news. 😂
27th day Anankapalle town noon show- 33,400/44,404 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Should have internet by Friday , which means I need to start setting my office up , so I can get bck to recording vids and start streaming 👀
ICMYI... is performing at the 2018 SO EXCITING! 🎉🎉The show is LIVE 05.20 on NBC. 🎶🎤 is prou…
My throat is so scratchy.😣
'On current form he's up there with Messi and Ronaldo' 😯- RobbieSavage8 Is there a more…
💥Fresh News | Top NFL Prospect Fails Drug Test Ahead Of The Draft  …
LOOK ALIVE👀
Who wants $10 ready for the next Battle Pass?  Retweet &amp; Follow Us! Keep an eye on DM’s ☺️ …
Babe like blowjob 💦 ! Im here -&gt; ❤❤️. Its Free! Im waiting for you!!!💦?
If my car oil is at 15% can i make it through the rest of the week 😭
i get real defensive bout my nigga don’t say SHIT bout him period 😂🤷🏼‍♀️ idc
Love for this pics !!!! 👌👍😉
Her parents have no idea the things she does on the internet with her 9 year old clothes on finally 😭
MAKE THAT FIVE!!! 🔥
i am not ashamed to admit i love GOD, because without him i am nothing.❤️
Congratulations!💥
FM  announced 🇮🇹 with the help of sent humanitarian aid to 🇳🇪 Niger's populatio…
Some starstruck ? ∠( ᐛ 」∠)＿ Made new star brushes used in this pic: 🌟 https:/…
Imagine that Jimin is your boyfriend💕
i love when the person's laugh is funnier than the actual joke😂😂😂
Beyoncé - Heaven via I miss you so much big brother 💔
i hope i'm not too late;; small sketch for 💛 happy birthday!!
[HipHop News]◀🌐  Check Out Razue on ReverbNation!
Hella weird how you only hear from someone when you hit em up 🤨
Y’all know I had to do it to em lmao 😩
This video is still funny and legendary😂 When the staff take the pink hedgehog , after that he look at Jimin's hair HAHAH…
⚡️ “Who did you thank in your PhD dissertation acknowledgements?” - check out this awesome thread from and a…
PLANET COSMOS✨ Cherring Kit ver.2
These two songs gone forever turn me up 😂👌🏽
Eagle Nest, Hunza, Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan 🇵🇰 Snapchat: TravelPK
i get high on: ⚪️ life ⚪️ drugs 🔘 that part in come on eileen where it slows down and then speeds up
byun baekhyun slaying the center as always ✨
NEXT GAME We welcome down for a friendly 🔵Kilwinning Academy ⚫️ 12 KO
happy birthday queen💖🎂🎂💖 hope you have the best day :D
Once A Whore Always A Whore Baby ain’t no saving You ! your Ass DUN DUN 😩
Every Person I Get Attached To End Up Hurting Me Or Leaving Me 🤷🏽‍♂️
$6,986,620 💰 will buy what? 🕷️Reminding  daily of the disgrace you bring to our stat…
2018 update on my two countries: South Africa 🇿🇦 ranked 28, +3 points from 2017. Turkey 🇹🇷…
➡ Like. 🍀 ➡ Retweet. ➡ Follow All. 🍃 ➡ Follow Back All. ➡ Do This Quick To GAIN.🍁…
I didn’t know what protective friends meant till I came on twitter😭❤️
Facts 😂😂
Congrats, 🐝💖🎉
He cannot be stopped 🔥
Veni, Vidi, Vici! 🐶 Our journey has just begun! 🤩
Thanks Doc!!! 💕
Back 2 the bubbles 🤣🤣🤣
Just got done typing up my notes for TOMORROW! 🔮 Sat. 4/21 I’m teaching my Weird Tarot…
Lordy, We have a traitor in our midst.  Comey Memos Released👇 …
HAPPY 420🍁 Go listen to my new 420 FREESTYLE🔥 RT &amp; LIKE
Honestly tho 🤷🏽‍♂️😌
didn't know jikook appeared in justin bieber's baby mv 😳
😮  (📸: Comment a 💪 if you want Eva to be your new personal trainer! …
4head4days 🙂
Don't mean to brag but.... -3.9 GPA -Student Athlete -2 Jobs post grad -Future Sports Physical Therapist Get you a me 😏 ht…
I’m hungry and cranky.. I just want to get food, get in my bed and sleep☹️
1 deag not only in CS:GO 😎🙏
⭐️NEW ARRIVAL⭐️ Red floral bardot top 😍 £22 8-14 📞01436 678484 for postal
We're warm-weekend ready in this cute slip dress 💕
Ugh Lizaaaaa 😍😭
We believe they'll continue to grow❤
Ever just wake up and automatically hate yourself, just cause u even know porterville exists😴
I want a clingy girlfriend 😩😍
- So Dark, You sure you're not from the DC universe 😂 fu*king Hilarious. …
Somebody said Kanye only talk to us when he wanna sell something 😭😭😭
💚Chi Mom &amp; 2 young pups (male &amp; female) *⃣id# 62663(mom), 62664( young female), 62665( young male) 🌟Available to adopt NOW
Time to be a proper brit and get sun burnt 👌😂🤣😂🤣😂
happy be my love at sundown 🌊🍑
🗣 A Go Getter
Time for a smile😉 Miss you sir.
When even the pot becomes the perfect place to take a nap 🤦🏼‍♀️😂!!
Happy Birthday Hunnie ❤️❤️❤️
caption 👌🏼
Off to Alegria 😊🚗
Happy 4|20 🤑
NCT DREAM 'GO' Dance Practice NCT DREAM "GO" MV has reached 10 million views! Thank you for your💚 and support!
ALSB, Episode 13 🌌
Awful ain’t it 😂
🔥 Free Online Sex Cams ↴ 🔥 Register 100% Free ↴ 🔥 Get Your Free Tokkens ↴ ♨️ ♨️ …
Still shocked sa level of preparation ni Doc sa PDR exam. 😂
OF CORSE It WAs!😎
603 days from Groundbreaking to Ribbon Cutting at Yesterday, we welcomed the world to our home. 📰 …
I walked out so far I ended up in NY !❤️ Remembering Columbine today in our moments of silence, in servicing our communiti…
When you are high on weed 😂
10 years ago I was broke, walking or taking the bus everywhere, doing extra chores so I could go to the movies on a Friday night 😩
Choi Youngjae doing Jackson's "My Eyes On You" part, first Yugyeom and now Youngjae. LMAO it's a thing now 😂😂 ©️9696cm…
📹 methhouse: methhouse: Shamov pharmacy
BTS LOVE YOURSELF TEAR GIVEAWAY - 🇰🇷 ↪follow me ↪retweet ↪reply why do you love for more chances of winning ↪…
What could of been😔
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
So Much Orange ☺
Dia baru first time pi concert ke? 🤔
you got this lor i believe in you ❤️
RT:  for STEM Summer Camp 🖥️ 🎮 💎 🆒 🌞 🕰️
This is the only way my  can satisfy me, by strapping on a huge  and fucking me 😈😈 xXx
omg... you are soo kind😻
Rest momma❤️🙏🏽
All over my bOdyyy🙃
I would absolutely positively love ❤️ love 💗 love 💕 a book 📚!! I would cherish it for the rest…
I simply asked him to kill the bug 🤦🏽‍♀️
The New Forks Over Knives   Is Packed W/ Great Kid-Friendly   ht…
seulgi: yeri is very hard to handle. i always lose yeri: i'll turn this off 😂😂
I miss you ثري💕💕 BOTH
Smokepurpp says Lil Pump is better than J Cole , What Are Your Thoughts ? 👀👀
In all 3 lives Jungkook did... he disappeared (to take something) 😂😂 1st pic➡ 2016 2nd pic ➡ 2017 3rd pic ➡ 2018
Jonathan watching the present state of affairs from otueke rn 😥😭
I thought they was locking that lil nigga up til I looked at the caption smh 😂
4/20 special 💚 Smoke up and jerk off to meeeeee 😏
💕SLEEVELESS BIKER JACKET GIVEAWAY💕 -RT -Follow -Must answer (What’s your favorite rifle skin?) 72 Hours GL HF …
I could watch this all day 😂
Here comes all the J Cole lyrics and I’m here for them ☺️
Levels was the first song that got me into dance music.. this is so sad 💔
DEP master 🙏🖤
Niggas can’t stand a bitch with common sense 🤦🏽‍♀️ they be mad asf you not dumb 😭
🌞 Totally Uncensored Live Sexcams ⭐️ Live Cam Girls, Free Tokkens 💍 💍 💍…
Why niggas always tryna come to your house lmao why we can’t come to y’all house ?😂
“I’m your sugar daddy without the sugar” - Isaiah 😂😂🤦🏽‍♀️
He said one day you'll leave this life behind, so live a life you will remember 🎶 Suddenly those lyrics mean much more. S…
🤔 Payday. 😝
You're a beautiful mess then. 😜😘❤️
This so cold 😂😭😭😂
Always happens to me☂️😩
Orange away kit that will surely make our the team better  🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
Retweet this tweet for automatically followback from us 🌺
🚨. is consorting with the scofflaw fundamentalist anti-government anti-public lands radicals of the Bund…
Can’t enjoy the day if the degrees always lying 🤥❄️☀️🌦
These are so damn pretty is a POET ♥️ And much love to for making it happen! …
Uranium one scandal..  Hold my beer 🍺
Thank you 😊
Work can wait💦
I can’t think of anything more irritating than a train on the track that has to back up after the whole damn train already passed you 😩🙄
Disney will dominate the box office for the next five years 🐭
Bilou -&gt; Made with Love and make Happy😊💓
For many years, I always freak out traveling to South Africa 🇿🇦 I have witnessed a lot of muggings!!! Yhuuuuuu an…
More lovely HelixStudios 💕 Twinks 💕on | Euroboys on [RT] …
this kid can drift pretty good 😓
Arsene Wenger has won the FA Cup more times (7) than any other manager in history. 1998 🏆 2002 🏆 2003 🏆 2005 🏆 2014 🏆 2015 🏆…
We survived Pablo we can survive this lmao 😤
Binance is open to new users for a limited time, don't miss out! → Happy trading! 🚀💰…
Open for a surprise 💫
🔥 See me live, Sex Chat For Free! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ ht…
⏬ watch ⏬ bbw milf porn professional brunette bigtits 3some bigboobs blowjob threesome plumper…
Yellow Rose Cap Now Available 🌎
omg prom is tomorrow 😍
you'd be lying if you told me this 1 minute video did not make you feel some typa way.. at all. 🤥🤔
the road will twist and turn but i know that I'am in good hands👋
The Sweetest reminder of who I hold dear..💖
Still funny! 😂
HERE IT IS! Your 2018 Buffalo Bills schedule. 🙌
Please ensure you have all your documents in order, &amp; You Are A supporter of JaredLeto, in some way,🏵️ &amp; You Are of…
Didn't see this coming ??? 😂 😂😂😆😆feel free to share with your friends....all of my pics for that matter 😎😎
Impulse decision but I’m SO EXCITED see you in one month Gulf Shores 😝
Happy birthday to Bakugou~!! 😎😎😎😎 Forced to attend his own birthday party...
hispanic parents will curse all they want around you, but when they hear it in a song they're shook 🤔😂 …
The truth may hurt a little but a lie will hurt forever. 💔
rt to gain jongdae stan mutuals, follow everyone that rts and make sure to follow back 💫
So isses 👍👍👍❗
Hey guys remember back in December 2016 when you helped fund my grandmothers heart surgery? Well today is her birthday 🎂 h…
Friday!!!!! Happy weekend ☀️ . .
Thanks hon 🌹
For you always 😉
💢R💢 💢E💢 💢T💢 💢W💢 💢E💢 💢E💢 💢T💢 IF Y⭕️U F⭕️LL⭕️WBACK❗️
🎈🐕🌞🐕☘️🐕🐾🐕🌞🐕🎈 Look who comes for a weekend visit ... Via aiko_the_husky  🐾🐾🐾🐾
I have a test on monday that I need to study for 😩 — god bless you
Cleveland HS takes on meme day 😂
40 and 0 incoming 🙌🏼🙌🏼
When someone asks me if i could do a favor for them 😂💀💀
Mirror // Bazzi 🥀
5:27 na i have to sleep na 😒😂
Twitter do your thing 💪🏽
Awesome opportunity to have the ISF touring group perform today.   🎭
🔱 Very Hot 🔱 🔱➤
Does the word “finals” instantly make you gain 10 pounds and break out Or is just me 😩🤨😪
We die here ❤️❤️❤️
they can’t tell us what we shouldnt put in our own bodies ❌👮‍♀️time to end all criminalization of marijuana/cannabis 💨 time…
SOUNDS LIKE FRIDAY NIGHT BBY 💃
me👀irl
This song from Teen Titans Go has no right to go this hard 😳
“Get aids and die” - hannah Beal 2k18 such a babe😉😉
😭😭 omm turn you on to all the new trap shit
Best backfield in the country 😤😤😤
Y’all are making these hashtags difficult for me to find good pics 😂🌈
Our   demonstrating the art of carving an   🎓💙🌟…
I just absolutely adore you 😍😍😍
“What will I DO WITHOUT MY MOTHER” 🙏🏾🙄🤦🏾‍♀️🤷🏾‍♀️💕💜💞
Didn't know the monkey from PG Tip adverts was the leader of a new republican group 😂
FACTS ☔️
My Baby❤️
Outstanding! 😭😭😭😭
My new ring looks like some kinda rune 😍
Celebrating each one of you today who are part of my life that I share on Instagram! ❤️ I am grateful to all of you! Mar…
okay maybe 😳
Mom in-law the bestest ! 😊💕
Boy been working TLP &amp; more 🔜🔜🔜🔜
What a giant mess this life is🙃
fapping and gaming 🧡 Play Now 👉
but the thing is, i did omad ☹️
Ain’t NO Love Out Here Lil Dawg 🚶🏽‍♂️
✔Check out ALL of my original gifs! Over 2000 in all! ↪ ↩
Carl Frampton  🎧🐅🔬🤖
It's ⚾️K to: -Get fired up when u don't play well -Be angry when u suck -Be pissed when u fail -Show passion when u lose Bu…
💓Thread Park Jimin💓 Name:Park Jimin Nickname:Mochi,Chimchim,Chimmy,Mangettoke,little Prince,angle fairy🐥 Db:13/10/1995 Job…
🗣 RUSSELL WESTBROOK IS A BASKETBALL SUPERHERO AND SHOULD BE CELEBRATED AS SUCH
Huele a hit🔥🔥🔥
Are they?! I was all 😱😱😱😱 at the end lol
In the state of Michigan... “The City” refers to Detroit ONLY ‼️🤷🏽‍♀️
today was productive a/f! 💥 went to therapy 💥 spent afternoon with family 💥 went grocery shopping 💥 got the rest…
Can’t wait til this week is over with. I’m so ready for my trip 😭
I know I’m not the only girl that gets this hype for this part of the song. 😂
Electricity would go out when I have a hot oil/clay mask on my damn head. 🙃
😂 When Your Mama Catch You Smoking!😂😳 Lil Johnny
Congrats E! 🎉🎉🎉👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
💡remember to check out BTS's Wiki page using 🖥💻 once in a while &amp; STAY ON IT for a few minutes please! It helps with Soc…
lov u too bro 😘😘😍⚪😝
Tease that cock baby 😈
If case you’re wondering why TMJ was so happy singga he banja shopping spree. 🎶🎵I feel the earth moves under my feet🎶🎵 h…
He’s still claiming those 10 goals though 😂😂😂
YASSSSSSSSS! Shine bright! 🌟 This was also the same day as the sound booth. was on a roll!! 😂
😝 got to the phone charger at that 1%
Oh man .. we can’t wait as well ! We will be so happy to share this emotional week-end with you 😊
you are nice 😉
rt this to gain yoongi stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🐯
I was reading the book of Numbers and I realised I don't have yours 😭
[🍲🥢] Hoseok on "Baek Jongwon's Top 3 Chef King"
Mara who did this 😂😂😂😂
Ran it up by myself lastnight🤞
Yess!! 🙏🏼
It’s time to get back to being Incredible. Watch the new trailer for  now 💥
Imma gonna leave this right here and yes I swear this link to the blog works 😂🙃😂
I’m so glad I found this video again 😂
The fookin' King. 🇮🇪💪
Ooouuu sheeettt 🤤
Retweet if you agree!!  🌊
RT pls guys 👍 Tag a James fan... I’m giving this print to a follower at 11pm Saturday night. To enter; - RT - Follow me Nice…
➡️ AUKEY EASTER GIVEAWAY GLEAM (ENDED): - 2 Winners will be picked today but I will also p…
Been ready 🙏🏻
Gourgandine 😏
How good was at last night? 🎉
I Cannotttt🤦🏾‍♀️
My dogs do this all the time🤣 this made me miss them so much
❤️ Raving George feat. Oscar And The Wolf - You're Mine (DJ Antonio &amp; Aster...
💢 GOOD NEWS! "The Lakota People's Law Project is pushing for a petition to implement what's known as a Renewable Portfo…
A dream realised, I've FINALLY flown my parents, great day! 🙏🏾❤
omg i’m listening to this now wtf 😂
Me and had a very exciting meeting today 😆💞
Well, haven’t been on here a while🤷🏾‍♂️
smart😂
Thank you everyone for helping me reach 100k. It’s been one hell of a journey 😁
Old as shit 😂😂
BREAKING: The  is underway. 🔮⚽️ The first team to be drawn...👀
Thanks els💖💖
Go get yourself a copy of Ceci magazine for we will be featured in 22 pages of it! 💛
Sauce Twins🔥 📷 by:
Sorry😭😭😭
🥇Congrats to the Girls 4x200m relay taking GOLD at the POPCS Relays!
180413 © my wish list
Feel like out casts in our own native land love ✊
Bitches make new friends and forget all about you 💀
♥♥ ♥♥ ↗♥♥♥♥♥♥↗ ♥ＪＯＩＮＮＯＷ♥…
u don’t deserve arctic monkeys tickets 😪i was conceived to mardy bum 😤 my uncle is alex turner 🤧 sheffield is my fave place…
Brilliant 😂🤣
TRAP x ANIME 💊🛸 🚧🚧🚧🚧🚧🚧 “THINKIN” VIDEO OFICIAL  LINK:
The way Jongdae's eyes close when he smies and his face litterally became this emoji &lt;_&gt; is the cutest thing ever 💕
Glory Days - Certifications United Kingdom: 💿💿💿 (o) Ireland: 💿💿 (o) Philippines: 💿💿 (e) Poland: 💿 (e) Netherlands: 📀…
We have a winner! 🙌 Mohamed Elneny 👏👏👏
Nicki reaction was our reaction when we first heard Chun Li 🔥🔥🔥🔥👏🏾👏🏾💯💯😭😭😂
i would willingly do the honors pls 😂
pretty 😍
Mitch gonna bring in Byron Scott 😂😂😂
Opo bbq 💕😂
Ya maybe 🤣
Mack hasn’t sack Rivers since Week 11 in 2014.... sooo 🤷🏻‍♂️
🚨 Not long left for you to get 25% off all PUMA products at ArsenalDirect! 👉
Have a great evenong you all, see you tomorrow I hope! 😘 ♥
Who was your childhood best friend? This friendship between Syrian refugee Badia and Noelle from Italy will melt your heart 💙.…
Remember when turned into zombies and fucking murdered us? That was fun 🧟‍♂️  …
😂😂😂😂😂😂 What sorcery is this please??
See my people. People I love ❤️.Hasta la victoria siempre. My 100% for the mission &amp; vision. Your freedom will also col…
Back on webcam from 8-11pm tonight the very sexy 😈. Also her onlyfans has been red hot again…
Twitter is winning with these four tweets together 😂
good morning, i love emilie de ravin and rose reynolds being on panels together🐰☕️
Tix for my “Just A Girl” Las Vegas residency at Zappos Theater in Planet Hollywood are on sale now! 💕 Get yours here: http…
Me🐽irl
💾 we love you . Leaking all his music for him and YOU
⚫️💚⚪️ THIS WEEKEND ⚪️💚⚫️ 1st XV are HOME again and looking for another big performance in the league 1st XV vs
"웃는 남자" / "The Man Who Laughs" musical [ TICKETING INFO 🎟️ 🗓️ 24th April 🕒 2PM KST ➡️ *…
How old are you? I’m 15 mf you look 30 😂😂😂😂
who’s responsible 💀
Jongin and taeoh 👶👶
💔WATCH DEEP INTO MY LITTLE EYES I'M TERRIFIED💔 AND 🤬PALM VALLEY ANIMAL CENTER Edinburg TX👹 IS GOING TO KILL💀 ME TODAY at 5🕔10…
[STREAMLINK] 180413 EXO-CBX ‘花요일 Blooming Day’ Comeback Stage on Music Bank ➡️ ➡️ …
| Harry with fans last night! April 12, 2018 • ©️
he’s such a sweetheart 😩💞
This dude set ground rules for his girl in terms of watching Infinity Wars and i'm blown away. 😂😂
It’s time to get back to being Incredible. Watch the new trailer for  now 💥
My biggest blessing 💙🤞🏼
At least he didnt swing 🤷🏾‍♂️
Fucking savage😭😭😭😭
i love leo💖
Miss u so much ☹️
New beginnings 💯🙏🏾😈
Kyber Network $KNC price: $1.28 Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked! 🤑 🤔 ➡️…
yo just brought out the yodel kid at coachella!! 😂🤠🤠
REGISTER IN THE LINK NOW! It only takes a few minutes so please don’t be lazy. Let’s get 15k registrations for 🔥…
My lips are sealed! 🤐
BTS twitter update 4.13.18 Rapmon - ✔️ Jin - ✔️ Suga - Jhope - (but he posted a selca on fancafe) Jimin w/ Jungkook -…
Probably, chilling with the others there too. 😂
Family Outing. So precious 😍
🙈🙉🙊 midnight ...
IS SHE A HOE IF SHE LET YOU HIT THE FIRST NIGHT🤔
She was on some other shit 😂
In need of a distraction 😩
Big single stuck between I want a boo but then again I’m focused 💯
retweet if ur mom just doesnt FREAKING get it😣🤦🏼‍♀️
New Years resolution 😂🤓
May the Lord remove from your life all that is stifling your progress 🙏🏽
Young MA not playin 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Click on this link 👆 you can now get this single pretty much every where
SHAWN IS MUCH ACTIVELY FOLLOWING PEOPLE AND FANS FROM THIS TWEET 😳🌧️
They invited me to go to the strip club 😅
Cum time for daddy 💦💦
Week 8 CheatSheet 👀
“when you smell pressure in the air “😌
Retweet if you agree and  📘
I hate twitter 😂
omg i'm aries sun taurus moon, same as javi 😱 and no wonder brian gets along so well with yuzu and javi. he h…
When you start washing your face and you feel like someone is watching you.😂😂😂
bevandeveire Congrats on your 500❤️ tweet!
🌷!!!GAIN RIGHT NOW!!!🌷 🌷Like &amp; Retweet 🌷Follow First 🌷Follow Back 🌷Follow Me👇 🌷Follow👉
The bond they shared .... I broke it 😭💔🤷🏽‍♀️😂
♨️ Best Free Sex Cams ↴ ♨️ Free Sex Dating Cams ↴ ♨️ ♨️ ♨️ …
💎 Free Fuck Buddy Dating↴ ⚠️ If You Want To Fuck Now↴ 💎 💎 💎 …
I love when you guys send me selfies of recreating looks I’ve done! It makes me so happy! Y’all are stunning, seriously 😍
💜 Happy Our favorite brothers on &amp; off screen!
Superb header from Manolas to send Barcelona out of the   👌
Nigga think he tough 😒
All through my 20s 😔
Is this who i think it is👀😅
We're giving away 5 copies of  by from 🥦🍓🥜⚡ To enter, simply RT &amp;…
City defends like omotola my ex, little pressure and you are in gbam. Goal 😛😛😛😛😛
“Pedestrian fashion” 😂 see also “pedestrian lifestyle choices” e.g. ‘running heedless of traffic’ because that’s so fun.
i feel like everything i'm going through is for a reason. just trying not to say fuck it and give up😩
I hate my brother but I love him at the same time 😂
Enjoy the Liberty of the  Perpetual Contract. It doesn't expire. 1 - 100x Leverage ✅ ▶️ …
As a man... since cardi dropped her album and drake moving funny rn, I’m calling on to drop a HNDRXX pt. 2 ‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
Sir, you should be very proud of yourself. 👍
Minseok is too cute that he doesn’t seem like the same man who just turned 29😂
it’s paining me 😭
EXO-CBX [Blooming Days - The 2nd Mini Album] 🎧iTunes &amp; Apple Music: 🎧Spotify: …
I HATE  ⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️😂😂😂😂😂🙆‍♂️
This duet was SO good and Namjoon’s rap is just 👌🏼
2018. 4. 12 pm.6🕺🏻💃🏻  ' (Feat. Leslie Grace)'
💀 but ... nvm
Twitter don’t give af about our childhood 🤦🏿‍♂️
Convinced I can smuggle shit 🤣 brought weed back from Chicago and edibles back from Vegas.
His raggedy ass done blew me 🙄😂 and it’s so peddy theres no way I’m finna argue with him 🙄😂😂😂
maybe you could invent it Jared.🤷😉
What. A. Weekend. I’m so thankful. 💕 Spending 4 days on a boat with some of my best friends and Paramore will forever be…
facts. y’all just smell like weed &amp; disappointment 🙁🤷🏾‍♀️
[  4th Mini Album  🍃 Concept Photo 2
now at 4.6M views! y'all are amazing! let's keep on streaming 👊👊🔥 👉
That doesn’t sound right... I take that &amp; don’t have either of those reactions.. maybe talk to your dr 😕
ON VLIVE!💙💚💛🧡❤️  🔗
⬇Bang with Me at ⬇ 💞♨🌟☀ porn pulsating sex Creampie xxx Spizoo upskirt nsfw Videos(Lgr) vi…
❗️SAVE THE DATE❗️ Suho &amp; Jelly You've been invited to our wedding. 📅 Sunday, 15 April 2018 Don't Fo…
Happy Birthday! 🎉
Loving my new assignment in  🇱🇺 this week
12 years &amp; counting 💩💓
180410 _bincan_ IG update   📎
Please keep tagging ⚠
Heart is 💓💓💓💓💓 Gosh, 1 hour to go 😆😆😆
[INSTAGRAM] 180410 Baekhyun Instagram Update 📎
Follow everyone who retweets this 🌹
Guest room in  during the 1950s
Did she just turn “that’s my best friend” into “that’s my sis” MANNNNNNN IF YOU DONT GTFOH 😂
1️⃣0️⃣ DELETE 1️⃣0️⃣ DELETE 1️⃣0️⃣ DELETE
Warning: DO NOT OPEN 😨😵😲💥💥
unforgettable "Touch My Body" turns 10 today! 💋 We're giving her what she deserves and looking back on why it…
This is a battered man 😂
Congratulations to for winning ‘Domestic Concert Musician’ at the 13th Golden Ticket Awards 🇰🇷 hosted by Interpa…
🔥 Honduran White Bats 🔥
It’s hard out here, even for a squirrel. 🙏🏻🐿🙏🏻
Keep at it Nya~ all will pay off!🦋💖😘
⚽️ has been directly involved in seven goals in his first seven  matches (six goals, one assist), more t…
Have u seen my empties? 👉 . . . . . . . .
Join our   🥪🥤
🔔 [ KPOP EXPLOSION VOTES UPDATE] 🕙 as of 2:50pm KST 🕑 1. : 189.4k 🚨 2. : 112…
Retweet for good concert luck ✨
Tweet more ARMYs! 🚨
R.I.P  such a lovely man we did meet at Blackpool 2014..Hi mum made him laugh so much, he tweeted her! 😢
Take mine. All I’m doing is gaining it 🙃😅
Daughter😩... later in life
My dear friends💕Happy New Year 🍀🌟2018🌟🍀🌟Health🌟love🌟lucky🌟Happiness🌟&amp; Peace for all the world🌟🙏I love you all💕🍀💕😊❄⛄❄🌹🎁 https:…
Does prayer score goals 🙄🙄
MERCH 💜💜💜💜
180410  dinner with his dad 😍😍😍
That’s my best friend😍💪🏼 WHEELER you’re amazingggg
Thank you for sharing 💕
🚨ALERT🚨 please email bighit with screenshots of this hacker! they have hacked other acc and MV such as despacito. guid…
D.Rose flashback 🔥
Daily Paintworks - "Orange and Limes" © Austin Maloney" 7x5 in
He has me wrapped around his little finger ~~~💙
Follow everyone who retweets this💣
Waiting for the action 😎 gc2018    @ Gold Coast Aquatic…
It’s hard out here, even for a squirrel. 🙏🏻🐿🙏🏻
This shampoo pranks are funny as hell 😂😂😂😂😂
Thank you 😊♥️👍Now I’m listening 🎧🎼♫So exited 😄💕      ＠weareoneEXO h…
Someone said Tristan Thompson is allergic to newborns 😂😂😂😂😅😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😭
Iam really glad to get your following ma'am Thanks a lot 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Reposting Kurama's inspired makeup 🦊 I really like how this came out because it was the first time that I tried this tec…
Thanks a lot 😂
🦄Thursday 🦄 10amPst 1pmEst everywhere.
Straight facts lmao 😭😭
y’all sucking dick with the pink eye? 🤢
THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE VIDEO 😂
and Uranium One....😂
A memory can make a flower bloom 🦋 Xiumin
161001 ⋆ spectrum © hit the spot
I love it 😂😂😂
Thank you 😀
Don't over pluck your brows! 😫
OMG! You have to see this.  &gt; Beans support😘😘.
GOT7 MV PRIORITY LIST: 1. Look (32.7M) ⚠⚠⚠ Closest Milestone: 35M Today's goal: 33M 2. You Are (43.7M) ⚠⚠ Closest Milest…
Don't miss a chance to get FREE arcona tokens! 👉 Visit website 👉 Find promo: Earn With Your Frien…
Fast 😊
Camels Crossing the Sea 🌊 🔥🔥🔥
We're giving you the chance to win a signed jersey! All you need to do is RT + Like❤️ You will get a unique je…
🚨 UPDATE 🚨 Three eggs! 🥚🥚🥚ttps://falconcam.click2stream.com/
this is so important 🌱🌻
[TRANS] : [ 😯
💀 Embrace Your Inner Monsters 💀 💀 They Make You Who You Are 💀 ✌🏻💀👍🏻👊🏻
Happy new year 2018! Here’s my 2017 end card video. ✨👍🔥
Resilience = our tool to navigate life's ups and downs. 🎢
cool👍👍😍😍
I’m deleting twitter lol I’m so tired 🙄😩
How the hell did P-Diddy get Young again ?😭🔥🔥🔥
Here Is Much Awaited  Video Song Link➡️ Grand Release In 170+ Screens In Kerala…
Why do niggas care if the nudes you sent are recycled? My pussy didn’t have a growth spurt it looks the same 😭
One fan said it felt like "daylight robbery" 🙊
📹 m–ood: A very curious octopus.
meal prepping changed my life 🙏🏻
Young Thugs 2.7M Home has a pool in the center 💕😫
🦄Thursday 🦄 10amPst 1pmEst everywhere.
But with God... No weapon formed against me shall prosper 🙏🏾💯❤️✨
[  4th Mini Album  🍃 Concept Photo
What did Jason do now? 😂
🎙 "Higuain is a great player, he knows how to find the back of the net and is a constant danger."
Seokjin's letter to his parents during this camp such a sweet boy 😭😭
when you play dodgeball and your sharingan activates 😎
When you start washing your face and you feel like someone is watching you.😂😂😂
What in the world, this shit needs to be front page news!!!! The thuggery coming from this Family 🤬
d’usse be having me on my ass😭 issa go
Night sky witch 🌙
Dr Ofori’s reaction to Biskit's disturbing video 😂😂
no, we need to hear it MORE. 🙄
Goodnight 🐯🐾❤️
When it’s time to buy all new extensions for yourself... these are the times I wish I could live the sugar baby life 😂😂😂😂 🙃
It’s only right, that with 4/20 approaching that the king of stoners would drop a hot ass “420 Freestyle”🔥🔥 Now av…
In ya room, on ya bed, watching yo tv and eating yo food 😂🤗
I need to stop losing weight 😩
Aguero on the bench 🤔
Simply: 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
MY MAN MADE A TWITTER JUST TO TELL ME HE LOST HIS PHONE. LOOK AT HIS @ NAME IM DEAD 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 …
🇬🇧 Delighted to be bringing the 40th anniversary world tour – Laugh At Your Peril – to the UK this November. Tickets o…
FrazzleMyGimp 100 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 100 people.
Sometimes you have to score goals in football. ⚽
King Khan with 's daughter Ziva! 😍
We not going 🤦🏼‍♀️🙂
THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE VIDEO 😂
Yeah so  happened 😱. Damn 🔥🙆🏼‍♂️😮!!!
Watch The MV. 🔗 Tweet, Retweet &amp; Reply Using
Black guys will notice fake sneakers from a distance but can't notice their babies 😂😂
you matter !!!!!💪
Billboard chart positions. 🔥Hot 100 ~  👉 MIC Drop🎤 🔥Billboard 200 ~  👉 Love Yourself/HER 🔥Artist 100 ~…
So funny 😂
has a brand new  and a  ▶️  |  |
You’re one of these people huh 🙄
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
🚨Congratulations Maggie🚨 Congratulations to a true Patriot, for achieving over 4,000 followers. Maggie…
him listening to the fake hints from these two outsiders 😔 gif cr. likearabbit97
Good morning! Just a couple of updates to share with you…😉
~Without Pain, We wouldn't know Joy...🌸
Happy birthday. ❤️💖
Everyone in the league seems pretty interested in the ROY race 👀
Congrats to on a huge program win against Union. I couldn’t be more proud of 👊🏽😊 I told y…
True class act by Crosby 🙌🏻💚
Your daily  🇺🇸
🔥SUPREME CASH CANNON 🔥 Only 10€ to enter in, limited to 55 slots ! RT and follow INSTRUCTIONS BELOW for a slot to enter…
MY MAN MADE A TWITTER JUST TO TELL ME HE LOST HIS PHONE. LOOK AT HIS @ NAME IM DEAD 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 …
Who cares about the story, I'd definitely watch the drama because of them.. 😂 😂   …
well what a coincidence😅
Happy national siblings day to my sister Cameron ♥️ love ya
LA all day 💯
Someone said: If you sucked dick like you suck your stomach in, on your pictures you could keep a man.😂😂😂 …
ㅡ you are the cause of my euphoria 💜
Omg I love this. ❤️❤️❤️
Klopp didn't want to let go. 😂
ill smack u n the bitch that u act like 🤷🏽‍♂️
ADIDAS LATCHKEY IO BETA GIVEAWAY 🔑 Winner will receive a free copy of Latchkey IO Beta 🔑 To enter : -Follow -…
🍀 Glock-18 Twilight Galaxy  ☘️ CLICK …
Beautiful lady! I love your lip color💕💕💕
I’m going for Rolling Loud when u going? 👀
50% of the time this how I feel when I go out lmao 😂
Goodbye 👋🏼
Been super busy with lousy rl stuff the past few weeks but trying to find time to pick up the ✏️ again!
Lmao look at her pinned 🤢🤢
RT if you're laughing at Barcelona. 😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😂😂
mexican dads trying to play soccer after some chelas😂
Lisa Trevathan Holbrook, Texas PTA President, was in the house today in Frisco!! 🎉. We are grateful for her and he…
Here are some more compositions, thank you guys for the exposure and helping me achieve my dreams ❤️ …
so today I bought a prom dress and dropped a dude, eventful day! 😊
Just picture walking to the kitchen in the middle of the night with the lights off and next thing you know you drowning 💀😭…
Who do you want to meet the most in 2018? Rt for good luck 💓
💥 shreds Homewrecker Harris for putting illegals before homeless Americans &amp; Veterans !
the next big boy band is headed your way. keep an 👁 out
It✔️s[ Where'R The   -Schlep
Thanks for coming had lots of positive feedback about how useful it was 👍
RT to be the next video's sister shoutout! I LET MY SUBSCRIBERS PICK MY MAKEUP... KINDA 😂 https:/…
This made me laugh 😂
Sobbing uncontrollably 😭
Go forth and let your beard prosper! 🙏🏾
you know u really love someone whenever, you have that feeling in your chest when u talk to them. 🥀💓
jeno representing nct at the press conference for smtown in dubai 🤴
Euphoria??? Are you an ARMY too? Are you excited for next comeback? 😀  …
Wallpaper BTS 💗
He's awake!! 🙌
And I’m thankful you’ve done the same! ☺️ Vulnerable is like my word of the year! It’s all entwine…
GIVEAWAY 🎉April 8 (PT) PRIZES: •EXO lightstick •EXO x NATURE REP…
Sure thing hun!~ *Ravel Smiles Happily and Blushes Red* 😊🍪💕
Even if it seems easier to give up everything just fight for it.. even if it seems impossible to handle. nobody said it would be easy 🤷🏻‍♀️
Declare your allegiance! The Battle for Azeroth begins August 14. ⚔️
TGIF ADN from your team makata.. 😊
YHOOOO!!!😱😱😱. Part 1 (Not for sensitive viewers L18).
I did my job, I turned you into a dime ! Future &amp; Chris brown !!!! Enjoy 😊
✨ CHUU ALBUM GIVEAWAY ✨ 🍓 Retweet and Follow to enter 🍓 Ends on April 24th 🍓 GOOD LUCK!!! 🍓✨🍓✨🍓✨🍓✨🍓✨🍓 …
Not gonna lie. This is cracking me up. 😂
Meanwhile somewhere 👇👇👇
sierra, sweety, i am SO sorry that an ugly (cute) ass bitch like this would even say that 🤢🤢 but like what we not gonna d…
⏬ watch ⏬ public porn professional drivebygirls tits gangbang kittyjane blowjob hd pornstar or…
Beautiful and mesmerizing Rainbow lake Domail Astore ❤
I felt that 😩
dang y’all be cussin with y’all mom at the age 14-18😂 i can’t even say “ok” too hard
For 20 years 😁
y’all that my cousin💀💀
Lmao no. The craps and being hot for no reason allattt 😂
Looking for 2 spot gold chest clan can do both 800-1k daily clan pts 😎
Haha love my blasian nephew 😂. gone get all da womenzzzz
3) PLEASE STREAM 'DON'T LEAVE ME' [📔]  起 WONDER  +  +
Good Morning 😄
Lmfao they funny for asking that💀💀
baby 🐯💜
Global group ‘s Japan album ranked  at iTunes in 49 countries, 🇩🇪 🇳🇱 🇪🇸 🇹🇭 &amp; many more, since Total 10 songs were…
I do not think so after that picture😥
We must: 💥AWAKEN ourselves to the truth that racism is ever-present, deeply rooted in American culture, &amp; profoundly damagi…
Not fucking bad Tommy Hilfiger 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Top 3 Ambitious Kings of SM 👑 TVXQ: U-Know Yuno SHINee: Choi Minho EXO: Kim Junmyeon It would be amazing to see all thes…
we should just get that and it'll compensate for the lunch🙏🙏🙏 because cravingggggggggg😭😭😭😒😒😒..
Beach days in Far North Queensland! 💦🌴☀️😍
Free introductory session for anybody who is newly registered and wants to try out our TIMBA classes..!! 👊👊 We hav…
I miss you! 😭 I’ll be over to visit!!
buddy 🍃 (ɴ.): a person who is always protect and love gfriend, under any circumstances. ♡   …
chanyeol loves drinking ice coffee 😭😍
Bitch I’m turnt off the coffee ☕️ 🙃😝
My b-day has been made! &amp; her whole family just called me singing to me!!😂😂😂
how are u gonna date my cousin then try to get with me after ya’ll break up?!! weirdos I swear 😂
🔔🔥 KPOP EXPLOSION 🔥🔔 👉 Keep Voting 👈 🔒 1400 RT ! 🏆...... 🏃‍♀️ 🔒 400 Replies ! 🏆 ..... 🏃‍♀️ [ [
You saw it here first 👀
Omg shawty in the back looks LOOOOST 😭
🚨🚨 KPOP EXPLOSION 🚨🚨 👉 Keep Voting 👈 🔒 1500 Retweets ! 🏆...... 🏃‍♀️ 🔒 200 Replies ! 🏆 ..... 🏃‍♀️ [
🙌 YASSS It's time for  show Mark MoreauΞ
GO GO‼️ Thank you all😆 Play PUZZLE STAR  NOW🎮 Google Play: App Store: http…
Need more gains 🙃
Cloud 9 when I think of you 💫
🇺🇸 Game of Thrones 🇫🇷 Game of Thrones 🇮🇹 Game of Thrones 🇩🇪 Game of Thrones 🇪🇸
In this pic we can see how stronger he is 😭 he won't show how the verdict affected him cos of his family n us 😞
😊 you too boyfriend.
I put everything off until the last minute &amp; now I’m rushing to find a prom date 😂😂
U DID A GREAT JOB SWEETIE👏👏👏👏
Guess who just got terminated at work for not sleeping with her boss, it's me your WCW💔
2nd spot. Thank you, Duty Free! 🏬💛
"Hi Babe! Im Naughty Babe! 🍓 Find Me on❤️. Its Free! Im waiting for you!!!💦💦 ❤️❤️"
y’all and these eyebrows man 🤦🏾‍♀️
Once im mentally over you, it’s a wrap 🙂
My son!!! 🐲
Depression because of studying is real thing. Semoga saya dan rakan rakan terus survive in our study😔💪
wonder why burgers taste sorta like euphoria 🤩🤩🤩
Kyber Network $KNC price: $0.90 We verified that Binance is accepting new users! 💰 🤑 ➡️…
Just shows you how screwed up society is when you can buy this crap from a facebook app! 😱😱
THE ROCK says he’s been having SECRET political meetings .. 👉 NOW we know why ALL your movi…
Follow everyone that FAV THIS 🔱🌹🔱 Follow👉   💫 🌹 FOLLOW ME 🌹 TURN MY NOTIFICATION ON TO GAIN…
◻️ＧＡＩＮ ＦＯＬＬＯＷＥＲＳ◻️ ➡️ RETWEET ➡️ FOLLOW ALL WHO RT ➡️ U SURE U DONE 1 &amp; 2❓ ➡️  ❤ ➡️  ✅
Changing the game 😏🤭
Mfs don’t like me so much why they still around 🤷🏾‍♂️
I wanted to make one and it got way too real 😂😂😂
Lmaoo‼️ Hold on. FIRST OF YALL MAKIN FLYERS FOR SCHOOL FIGHTS NOW? AND SECOND YALL GOT ME PERFORMIN AT DA FIGHT⁉️ 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂…
Chanu Mirabai, you 🌟! The 23 year-old claims 🇮🇳 India's first gold of  with a dominating performance in the women'…
Me realizing I'm actually fat lmao the smack in the end😩
🎶MarkusSchulz feat. emhewitt ‘Safe From Harm’👍🏽 Georeous…
Just stupid green mate... plus I would be greeting as cost me £15 in balls 😂
my little 5 year old son Jack loves WWE and his favourite is guess who? He's asked me to send this video 👍…
This little boy wants everyone to see his painting. Please let's RT and encourage him. 🙏🙏🙏
Why does my channel guide list it as “MLB Baseball?!” Major League Baseball Baseball?🤔
Omg 😍🙌🏻🎶 and it’s my birthday weekend!
I have made a custard pie for  using recipe but with a twist 😁I used 🍌 sp…
A solid start for 🐦
Your move, Tampa. 365 days ⏩
Lol😂😂😂 What about my needs
Newborns aren’t cute at all 💀
is looking LIT!! 🔥🔥🔥
thank you for the insightful 3 days we gained so much knowledge 👭🔝 now we're ready to Take Off 🚀🚀
⏬ watch ⏬ gloryhole porn reality gloryhole anal fetish amateur creampie xxx sex nsfw porno
With who 😏
😂 naw you ain’t
180317 Sweet fantasy 😁😁😁😁
🇯🇵Oricon Daily Sales:  - Face Yourself: 38,536 (226,621 total) *2nd day at
can this have a trilogy? 😂
Aa cheekatlo fight edaite undo.. one of the all time best shot fights in tfi. 👌👌👌BGM by 👌👌👌
Bruuu😂😂😂 just shows that hard work pays off... Christiano did that initial move during training an…
looks yummy ~🍽
assss everybody cousins in anne arundel county 😭
RUFA MAE QUINTO IS MY SPIRIT ANIMAL 🤣🙌🏻
Azealia Banks’s new single ‘Anna Wintour’ is out NOW! 💃 Stream here:
I have been pranking all of my friends with this 😂
cannot express how excited i am to get back into this, nicer weather can’t come soon enough😩😩
Meet me in  ✈️
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥…
jimin reads books when he doesnt sleep 🤓
im a softie for daniel james seavey ©️voguesam
The man from another world ▪ Baekhyun
Retweet for good luck ‼️📚
LMFAOOOOO bro I’m done with my homie 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
to release new album April 27 🙌🏿
is here ❤️ Hope you guys like the version of "Don't Go Breaking My Heart" and I put together!!…
Only 1:42pm and i’ll say it’s already been a productive day 🌞
Got some cookies ❤️😊
This break isn’t even a break💀 it’s like they gave us off from school just so we can finish 25 projects and 50 essays ..
all my boys cousins don’t PLAY BEHIND ME :)))) I love them &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;😍😍😍
I have the best academic advisor 😩
🗣️ Get Crazy. Get Wild. Let's Party, GET LOUD‼️ 2-hour season premiere of  starts TONIGHT at 8/7c on
Lyrical Video Likes :- ➡ 25K Likes - 13Mins ➡ 50K Likes - 40Mins ✔ ➡ 75K Likes - 94Mins ✔ ➡ 100K…
My Fairy Princess 💜
bring it on guys 👍👍👍 wishing you loads of luck and hope fully a podium come Sunday xxx
Are the chequered shirts mandatory for Chapel candidates 😀
All of their videos are freaky and I like them a lot 😂
180405 (180406) IG @ weareoneEXO Update  ❤
Thala always😍😍💪
We are the biggest county in Florida my man🤦🏽‍♂️
When the same car passes three times so yo potna start clutching. 😂😂😂
Our  division has created  to: Understand how the border collie 'herd instinct' has tr…
People are emotional fucking clowns bruh. 🤦🏻‍♀️
I’m all in, i just wanna Take Care My Family❤️
Y’all both stink :(😓but congrats
I crossed the winter kingdom and deserts to come to  🏝🏝🏜
me too!!!! ♥♥♥
(VID) โฆษณาตัวใหม่ของ Think Nature X  ©sweetdanji_
🏄‍♀️Friday nights have never been more beautiful    …
very very cute😍😍😍
Kimberlynh24 24 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 24 people.
👍🏻Love it♥️  🇨🇦
Congratulations bro 💯
( thanku 4 RTing. This’s due to tweeting. 🤬🤬🤬I guess. Ur awesome 💙
🌻🍃🌻🍃🌻🍃🌻🍃🌻🍃🌻🍃🌻 spring bouquet 💐
shots from Wankhede.
Faked an injury to pray his Isha. True Moslim 😭❤️
WaitingForYouMyFuture😘
I looooove it And I love you 💛
OMG LMAO 😭
Apple so fuckin childish 😂😂😂
Fighting afrida 😂😍😘😚
Owais! Thank you so much😌♥️
I mean... killing the game 🙌🏻❤️💉
74. what the hell 😂😂😂😂
Hair: Mink Straight Inch: 28 ➡️💕Shop today, link in bio
THIS IS ALARMING ARMY!! 🆘🚨 🔛 RETWEET Challenge: 🔝100 RETWEET 🔝20 REPLY for Kpop Explosion ❗Time: AS FAST AS YOU CAN!…
I’m want to enjoy football but other players just keep on complaining and swearing throughout. Just play with a smile man 😄
still one of the best gifs to ever exist 🐯🐰
These 40 seconds video explained why I do love the boy group named EXO💕😂
Y’all won’t believe what happened! 😩
Even I, big 📲 [Walker Evans, Subway Portrait, 1938–41] RT
Hello, I'm Cho Youngjin or Jordan!! I'm a trainee and I'm originally from Australia 🇦🇺~ let's be frien…
very very cute😍😍😍
break from toronto 😢
Please help, man needs his boat! 🙏🏻
It’s been like a month and so that means it’s basically my truck 🤷🏻‍♀️
INTRODUCING THE WORLDS CUTEST CAT &amp; HIS KITTENS 🐱💛
Not gonna lie. This is cracking me up. 😂
Smtown instagram update The passionate 3 🔥🔥🔥
rt this to gain bts mutual, follow whoever retweet this and make sure to follow back follow 😂
The aim was to inspire Liverpool and intimidate City - and it worked.. 🔴🔵
we got some strong eyebrow game over here 🤨
I wish I could go this tour but I won’t be able to. 😢 Hope you have a blast!! CAN’T wait for the new album!! 🎸🤘🏻🤠
Now bitchhh that second picture is outtttahhh fucking lineeee😂
Go awffff sis 😂😂😂
I want my nails done so bad 😭
Monday morning are full of Bliss 😍 Noble Morning and Divine Day 🙏
Description: cold. **Reads first sentence in 1984 the book** 😅 cold April. And it is so a COLD April in the US.
Usually im dropping new music every other week.. there’s a reason why ive been chill with my own shit...wait for it 👀👀👀👀 don…
⛳️2016 Danny Willett wins Dubai Desert Classic, WINS  ⛳️2017 Sergio Garcia wins Dubai Desert Classic, WINS
This beautiful paradise is closer than you think! 😍 Mazatlán, Sinaloa
118 years old Grandmother.. I respect God's love unbelievable❤.
😎 Lisbona DAY TWO in
Chanyeol showed a video of him rolling down the hill in the dessert at Dubai EXO members were laughing at the bg 😂😂😭 ht…
Ready to get my nails and hair done next week 💅🏾💆🏾‍♀️ . Back to being the lil cutie I’m meant to be
You're not alone😊
Sooooooo excited for summer. I could cry 😭
Update, I did exactly that and I now feel much more calm 😂😩
Sis is still having more fun than yall bothered asses sitting there judging her 🤷🏾‍♀️
a whole ass cutie pie 😊💞
House music all night long 🏡🔥 W/ &amp;
Fits right into their narrative!😠
Two 🔥stat lines for the Washington backcourt.
I’m not moving!! I’m staying glued to the channel forever! 😩
oh baby, it is so mutual! ❤️
Not even friendship. What a waste of attitude. 🤣😂
come fly with us 🔮💜🔮💜
Les mormon strapon fucked 👉 👈 syrian lesbians movies preteen insest compilation porn Tee…
GRAD PARTY JUNE 1st PUT THAT SHIT IN YALL’S CALENDAR ‼️
Columbus ✨
You all don’t understand how buff Boity is ❤️😩
Marc wins six straight at COTA in his 93rd MotoGP race with impressive 7th for Dani. Well done boys 👏 …
Greensboro, North Carolina - HOOD! 💵🔌🔫
im white 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 you are the messiest 🤣😂🤣😂
all efforts wasted pero okay lang 🤗🤷🏻‍♀️
I LOVE THEM. PERU LOVE SUPER JUNIOR🇵🇪🇵🇪Before that there were more people.😭😭 I'M SHAKING I CAN'T BREATHE I LOVE YOU I L…
Hot 60 plus 03 👉 👈 angel cummings cumshot private spice milf australian amateur mature o…
This is what happens when Napoli fans &amp; Juventus fans walk down the same street in Torino 😂 📽️ IG/trollserieatim https:/…
🆘ALL THOSE LOVELY CUTE HEALTHY BABIES💔ARE AT GREAT RISK - MUST EXIT FAST FROM "HOUSE OF HORRORS" OF🤮 PALM VALLEY AN…
I Can’t Wait To The Semester Over🤗
Just when you thought Baekhyun can't get much fluffier 😭
With the BFF❤️
This will always be funny 😂😭
I’m hollerin man 😂🤦🏽‍♀️
Family is everything 🎁
😂😂😂 word everybody be running my pockets 🤦🏾‍♂️ I bet the most and lose every time 💀 fuck it
Daisha so dramatic, like the girl eats with a knife and fork with a napkin around her mf neck 😂
Pretty girl 😍
u never sent me dog pics like u said u would 😭😭😭
Fuel for the final stretch of the  Binge Sessions with at ☕
Habibi Love will always be a song that makes me turnt. Feelin the summer vibes kick in nowwww 😎
Mine is this😍😍
⚽🇨🇳 Goals galore in the Chinese Super League game at Nanjing Olympic Sports Center - Jiangsu Sainty 3-1 Shanghai Gr…
I’m actually feeling good tonight ✨
on stage yong ➡ off stage yong
Collar Yegireskunela Chesav Annaya 😎🙏 Proud to be Fan of Anna🙏🙏🙏
Interval Bang 🤘 👌
Steve Komphela has just resigned with immediate effect 😢😭💃💃💃💃😭😢😢 Couldn't wait for this day to come... It is an emotional…
his sweet sweet mochi cheeks 😍😚
Y’all ever fucked with a song so tough you restart it before it was even over😂
These day's true love hard to find man 💔
Thank you 😍😍
GIVEAWAY! retweet to win the harry edition of GQ, can post worldwide and i’ll pick one winner randomly💌 …
These are too cute to not post them here too😢❣️❣️
💋Kiss Me Again💋 EP 1 screen shot ②
Twitter, issenuf 😂😂😂😂.. see what Igwe 2pac is causing 😭😭😭
Meet sexy Women in Your Area. 🔞 Real People Naked &amp; Having Sex 🎥Live on Webcam 24/7 ↴ Click ••►…
180422 [Instagram] Sehun update with EXO-CBX "Finally got ChenBaekXi's signatures🤩" 🔗
'Also, successful fandoms motivates the desire to achieve something great not to beat someone' 💜💜
RETWEET FOR A CONCERT TICKET. LEGIT TO PRAMISSS!!💯👍👍
CC Vipers 2022 defeat Hoop City Select 83-47...👁 on the 🏆
SPOTIFY: “No Tears Left To Cry” 💧 U.S. —  (+4): +1,531,070 *new peak* U.K. —  (=): +546,904 WW —  (+1): +4,877…
Count me in 😃
many of GirIs joined today. searching for a good local fuck. find yours here absolutely free ❤🧡💛💟…
For anyone having a bad day, please enjoy this video of my mom’s rescue babies cuddling🌸
Love You 💓
🔥 100% free sex cams site 💥 Register now 100% Free !! ↴ 🔥 🔥 🔥 https://t…
shoutout for the pics‼️
U know they was cackling the whole time writing that 😂😂
RT: 📦 📨 One-hour delivery service in last 30 miles. 🚚 Serving NOVA/DC area.
SERIES IS TIED. 27 PTS, 6 REBS, 14 ASTS and 3 STLS for 😤
Dear Kenyan students in  thank you for giving me an opportunity to serve you as your President , humbled . 🙏
I pray that May, June, July, &amp; Aug are all months full of growth, blessings, productivity, new doors open &amp; opportunities. 🙏🏽
YOU SURE WILL!!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR S6!!!!! 😊♥️😊♥️
🇰🇪 Retweet &amp; Like Follow back Follow 👉 👉
Artist: world tour 😍💞😍💞 World Tour:
Osahon! You called it👏👏👏
Philippines 🇵🇭
Oh btw i sold my ps4 already 🤣😂🤣😂
Rebel = typing before thinking 😑
Twitter is bout to shut down 😂😂😂.. Ceecee wins it
Who between you guys?😂 BlackB or UlletTeam?
🙏🙏🙏How bad do you want new LEADERSHIP California? You CAN do this if you take yourself and your neighbors to vote for TRAVIS…
Ha actually insulted Ovi by calling her his twin 🤦🏻‍♀️ Naammaley summa irundhaalum, ivar vida maatinguraar 😏
$180 Grand 😓 debating whether I'd really need that car or not or just get a house 😂🤦🏻‍♀️
🎁 Enter to win a new Remy “Drawn in Paris” Tsum Tsum 🇫🇷 Follow+RT by Monday midnight!
Animals never fail to amaze me! I went to the zoo today and the gorilla noticed my eyelashes 😩
🌍 How to take part in  exlusive  distribution through  👉 👈
alot of memories❤️
My sisters guide dog always sneakily walks her into this store without her knowing 😂😍 I love dogs, man …
Build your happiness in PRIVATE ✨💕
⏬ watch ⏬ gangbang porn group scene behind pornstar sashagrey xxx sex nsfw sexy
rt this to gain jungkook stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back🦄
1,400+ votes and AoS is still behind, agents. Let's fix that. 😉
My love❤ cr.xxraburixx
LOOKING FOR BLOOD DONORS for our Golden Retriever. 😞 We need dog donors at least 27kg and above 😭, complete with vaccin…
Idk what i want to eat 🙄
พร้อมแล้วค่ะ First Date Concert Peck Palitchoke Day 3 ❤️
Or use google translate 🤷🏼‍♀️
😂😂then super chin is coming out at McDairmid Park next week, darts players are doing a tour of Scottish grounds
🔔  🔔 [ 7:20 - 8:20 PM KST ] 1. : 62.8k+ ⚠ 2. : 34.3k+ Keep your fresh tweet…
[VIDEO] 180420, Let Go en el Japan 4th Muster Fanmeeting 💕 ARMYs!! Recuerden siempre usar los # !! 😎
Ride for me ride for me 💙
✊🏾💯U GUCCI🤘🏽
Happy Birthday 🎉
🎧 Slide by Calvin Harris
Happy  everyone! Every day is earth day. ♻️ 🌏
This morning 💦💦
This monkey is dressed up as a little girl to collect money 😭
give this guy more attention. His content on YouTube is helping really much thru out all Halo 5👌🏻
My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Mention, 6 Likes, 1 Reply. See yours with
Naa look at the comments I'm done 😭😭😭
Scared tf outta me 😭
I HAVE 5 DAYS TO GET 350 RT. CAN YOU PLEASE HELP ME TO REACH MY GOAL BY RTING THIS ? 🙏 (send me your tweet i can help you…
normani turning up to love lies in coachella, also michel’le hanging out with her again 😭😭
Fresh squeezed 🍋
Shorty in the red went to sleep and woke back up 😂
Naa look at the comments I'm done 😭😭😭
🤗🤗🤗💜💜Bryan how are u bud
think it was hoped he would be ready for the cup final but😂🤷🏼‍♀️
You make es ill lad, very relatable tweet 😋😉
Fmr. Vice President believes that Republicans don't want black people voting &gt;&gt; 🇺🇸
Cameron Dallas and Nash Grier -rt if u save -fav if u liked -if you use send a screenshot 💗 /triz …
🎂👑Happy Birthday
New York🗽
I need a LED Facial Mask from 😍
She wants more 😩 Find her on 👉
$250 Victoria’s Secrer E-Gift Card 🎀 (must be following me to enter)
Customers are loving our LED Facial Mask 😍 🌎 Free worldwide shipping 🌎 👇 Shop Now …
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🍫
So only a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun? 🧐
Nigga idc how loud you “AYE AYE” me, IM NOT TURNING AROUND🗣🤣
My son 🤣🤣 I don’t know what goes on in his head. He stares&amp;examines my tattoo then says “Mummy,you didn’t know the…
Everything you need to know about today's matchup 👇
Lil worm😂😂
Model: Caramel Set: Set 2 Photographer: Paramonov Site:  Stunning Brunette Beauty Shows Her Perfect Body ⬇️…
please help me get 250 rt's huehue i badly need your help guys 😢 please please please 💖
"Hey, can I live in your back garden for a year?" ⛺
Tables turn, bridges burn. You live &amp; learn. 🤷🏽‍♀️
🏆2018 Track &amp; Field Champions🏆 Congrats Men of Morehouse “Whatever you do, strive to do it so well that…
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: 🎉NWT🎉Anastasia Eyeshadow Rose Gold. v…
Well done on 150 appearances so far. 200 is on the radar now I’m sure. Keep up the great work. 👍
Boris was watching Bia and Fey with us 🐱
Baby girl 💕
Up early for no reason. I hate my sleeping schedule 🙃
it’s been a long run, but the Shark is finally back on track 🦈
🌟 Karambit | Case Hardened Giveaway * Winner Chosen…
Whaaaaaa 😩😩😩 Always gotta keep a smile on his face, too.
[🎉] BTS MEDIHEAL GIVEAWAY! Prize: MEDIHEAL X BTS - Hydrating Moisture Care Special SET Rules ↓ • RT to enter • Must b…
RT: Stacy C. Sherwood Community Center for        🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Bin bags taped together...atleast that's a true reflection of their club 🍀
I love having friends ☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️
Free Live ♥️ Sex Cam Shows Free ♥️ Registration Today 🔥 🔥 …
This one 👌👌
current mood 👅 📹: champ.the.huskimo
I took a really cute picture of angel today it’s my new favorite 😇
a lil self love never killed anybody ✨
Prom with my bestfriend 🥂
[!!]  Reality Show Teaser 🔗   …
Beyoncé's choir and BGVs singing "Party" before hitting the stage at    …
I️ want a bestfriend I️ can stunt with this summer☹️, but all you bitches are fu🤷🏻‍♀️
8 like Kobe with the Afro 😎
Last night was so fun 💕💕
RaGa: We respect and protect institutions... BJP destroys them.. Me: Pappu, Batao Kaise? RaGa: Kuch aise. 👇😉 …
Baaghi shradha axn 😂😂 bc tang uthti nahi.. I find all these heroines doing axn BLAH Blah.. Only tapsee punnu in bab…
Libra♎️ -playful -sweet talker -FINE AS HELL LIKE DAMN -funny ass people -smart AS THE FUCK -make life seem happy when…
Thank yous. Watch ‘til the end. 😉
my favorite person &amp; my joy ❣️ you can tell my girl and i drink a lot of water 😸
Jihyo just sang nae pi ttam nunmul 😂 I'll wait for the whole phonecall translation. Thank you for…
Re ready 🙌🏾🙌🏾
A DAY IN THE LIFE OF MEEE. Enjoy ❤️
I just forget to breathe😭
Took a stroll thru Regents Park today after that first set...tennis is so 😵 right now
I did now! 😉
I don't understand why you two are picking at this 🤔 I'm proud of winning the award. It doesn'…
🦋Beaux Papillons in London : 2nd Jun 2018🦋 95z Photo Exhibition by Heartthrob x Winter StrawVerry💓🍓 FORM : …
There are so many of you. Thank you for watching our stuff.❤️🔥❤️
PENS WIN! PENS WIN! Hot dogs and s’mores in the backyard to celebrate!!  🐧 @ Ben Avon
Me whenever I listen to Neon Moon. 😭
Today I did some promo of  in my city, I hope people see it here in Ecuador. I love doing this! Day 1 🙌🏼 Ps: W…
Goodmorning ppl. 😊💕
My bucketlist this year is to travel every month even if I’m just tripping to a different state in Malaysia ♥️✈️
"Late night. Come home. Work sucks, I know." This lyric is accurate af 😭
Thas a damn fact ! 👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾
I’ve had 4 glasses of wine and I can’t stop lookin at Ben and Amy and crying lmao 😭
I love you back! 😘
I feel like I’ve been around the world and back this weekend 😂
LOOKING FOR BLOOD DONORS for our Golden Retriever. 😞 We need dog donors at least 27kg and above 😭, complete with vaccin…
‼️   ‼️ To celebrate the release of our new range of premium UK cosmetic grade lip balm flavours, we…
The fact that cee-c left empty-handed is so satisfying 😂😂😂
Enjoying my HBCU  from the  yesterday 🔵⚪️🐯😁
Let's do it again 🍔
Nah it’s over for you 😂 fuck around and be blind trying to put the shits in and/or take them out
What we stand for is what we stand on. Let's take care of our planet! Happy 🌏 Day, everyone!
When Grayson said "Yeah buddy" in the joisey accent😍😍😍
first volleyball tournament this weekend 🙂
Trying so hard to stay awake 😭time difference is killing me
BABY BOYYYYY ILYSM OMG💓💓💓
When your brain keeps roasting niggas for no reason 😭😭😭😭😭
If u have a little time, you can follow my friend he is Brazilian who love u very much 💕
BTCH I BEEN ON 🤪🗣
SCREAMING 😂😂😂 Credit
Treated myself again 🤓🤓
Freedom is best policy be it be anything Feel free &amp; Express Freely 🙏
📱****COMPETITION TIME****📱 We're giving away a Samsung S9 64gb in pristine condition 😍 To enter, like our post, retweet…
🔥 Best Free Sex Cams ↴ 🔥 Free Register and Tokkens?↴ 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
get it momma twissss 😛
I could give a dam if no one like me 🤷🏽‍♀️.
Congratulations 💙!
‼️YOU DONT WANT TO MISS THIS‼️ An absolute minefield for day 2 of Aintree, but we brought the bomb squad to make d…
DRIP 💧DRIP💧 SPLASH 🌊..SLIPPERY💦,EXCUSE ME😏PLEASE ME🙏🏽😫  The Countdown Begins 🔢 ❗️⚠️THE MAIN EVENTS⚠️❗️…
You lost me at greatest and most talented musician - 😳😳😳
We hope so too 😥
180411 weibo ©PoppingCandy_0520 (1) ꒰    ꒱
Watch venezuelan_beauty live on webcam now 🆓 Follow   https:…
CBX talking about Yixings reaction to Sehuns message in Chinese and they also mentioned how they miss yixing 😭😭 biggest fa…
Because  matters 💓
I think i first saw suda in kamen rider hahaha I WATCHED OUROBOROS TOO GODDDD i need more of their collabs 😭
Just woke up and I am extremely exhausted 😴
That fade though... 😯  honours go to
Your girl will look at you like ya song is just complete garbage and will be bumping it when you’re not around her💀 https…
omg. How depressing ☹️
How about 150K+ hourly rate? Can we do it ARMY? 🔥
I hate my brother but I love him at the same time 😂
Don’t matter. the whole thing down my throat 😂😭
is here! 📀
I picture it being Thomas jack... 😂 is that weird
I really want to go to a party where you have to make your costume out of household products 😂😂😂
God pls let Miracle find 1 of this Pepsi bottle I beg u😭😭🙏🏽...I want my fave to find a bottle😩😩😩😩😩...pls send Vote Mir…
Let’s do this DENVER!!!!!! 🧞‍♂️⛷🗻         …
Soon be driving me places☺️
Brighten up the dark circles under your eyes with our Illuminate concealer ✨
´*•.¸(*•.¸♥¸.•*´)¸.•*´ ♥«´¨`•°..wσmαn..°•´¨`»♥ ❤️crushwєdnєѕdαч❤️ One of my dearest friends is less than 1…
Probably game of the night I reckon 👍
I mean, this so reactionary as well as ludicrous. 'Proper' ffs 😏
look,price plus yes , they do delivery. 😍😍
When it comes to spittin that hot fire 🔥 I’m over koalafied! Thank you Australia for…
SCREAMING 😂😂😂 Credit
Awts! I dont have any games pa naman. 😭😭😭 but for suzy's sake will install na.
️Jungkook’s body rolls!!! He killed us😫
⏳: remember that your worst days are only 24 hours, and your next day may be your best day yet. 💛
my babygurl CHOC all grown up 💫 Proud of u ! Check her new song 🔥🔥  …
₍🍣🏽₎¨̮ ˂ͣ꒰  ⁺  ⁺  ꒱ 𝘪’𝘭𝘭 𝘴𝘦𝘢𝘳𝘤𝘩 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘶𝘯𝘪𝘷𝘦𝘳𝘴𝘦 𝘶𝘯𝘵𝘪𝘭 𝘪 𝘤𝘢𝘯 𝘧𝘪𝘯𝘥 𝘺𝘰𝘶 𝘢𝘨𝘢𝘪𝘯. ♥︎↜
So say hello to ya newest YouTube star who will turn into a rapper 😂
when we see infinite having group schedules: 😂😂😂
I want God to fix THAT man cause he’s all I want. 🤷🏽‍♀️💯
Advance Happy Birthday Our  ❤ For  Fans Wishes..🙏  …
Florian Thauvin🇫🇷  Kingsley Coman 🇫🇷
💥 Sex Date Join Here 100% Free 🔥 ••► 🔥 ••► 🔥 ••► 🔥…
My man tapped out 😂 via:
มัดจุก(s) Expectation vs Reality 😂💕
🚨SA friends, these are the dogs currently on the euthanasia list. If you’re looking for a dog or know someone who is pls go h…
for this top  💋
real life tho😂
WARNING: DO NOT OPEN🙄🤔😗
Tasks for international ELF who don’t have any melon/digital streaming passes: ✔️ Watch  MV on youtube - keep…
looks happy 😆
Wanted to be the first and last person to wish you happy birthday 💝💝 to many more wonderful years
I watched almost every spring day fancam of WINGS tour🤪 I wanted to see Spring day live performance so badly... Seokjin and…
Everyday I’m scared I’d lose you. But everyday I’m thankful, I still have you 🙂
OT12 IS 💓 (rt if you miss Luhan Kris and Tao)
luv u brother thank u ! 💘💘💘
Riding into spring like...🚲😎 📍Monon Trail in Westfield
Checka stop using the 😔 emoji challenge
💣BoomBabes💣 ❤TastyMade❤ █ █🔴∟∟🔵W █ ★RTS★ █ ↗↘ ★♡☆♡★♡☆♡★♡☆ ♥ ♥✸���♥��…
[Official] UNB - FEELING (Debut Stage) @ MNET MCountdown 🔗
someone’s daughter pull up on me n catch this work 🤣🤣😂
follow everyone who retweets this🌾
That's a nice DP Shelly.😊💕
Neediest kitten ever 😹
I want another pair of shoes. 🤷🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
i wanna pack her too!!!!!!! 🛄💞 🔗
Facts 😩😩😩 She’s taking forever 😩🦄
Beauty on a budget ✨ we flourishing all summer sis ☀️💫🍫
You and I are not the same, that's what makes it perfect💕.
okay guys so 400+ of you RTed to be in complicated twinks™️ and twitter only allows me to view 100 so let’s try again:…
I hate when a person text me "call me"....JUST CALL!!!! 🙄😤
Super blessed to have been able to see you. Keep fighting brother 💚
Joining the crowd because why not🙈
This is the funniest cat video ever! 😂😂
🌸Gain with  💪🏽 🌺Retweet🔁 🌸Like❤ 🌺Follow me 🤙 🌸Turn on notifications ✔️ 🌺Let's gooo✨ 🍋
So basically Ontario 😏
This HEART, killed me 💔.
ohh hell nahh, I wasn’t readyy !!!❤️❤️🔥
make her your priority or watch her walk away 🤷‍♀️
OMG, when  pats  back, i'm *deaded* in heaven😱🤣 btw, their colors of suits together are…
In loveeee😍😍😍
Thank* u sorry for my typo 🙏
i’ve put everything i am into this album... and now it’s yours 🌹
Unlike the Clintons who testified for hours before congress! 🦇💩👖🔥🐓🍊🤡👶🏼💩🕳
🛑 …that’s five minutes! Now we’ll go through all your  tweets and find the lucky winners! Play on to win up to ₹1…
SCREAMING 😂😂😂 Credit
An official welcome to the  🏀 Family, 🔴⚫️🔴⚫️  📝: …
HSM2 was the best one not 3😂😴
My dad hates waste so much he weighs his pasta and rice to the portion control 😂😭
Ain’t shit in Missouri but corn fields, I’d be pissed too😂😂
Why is Wayne in the picture ? 😭
tae totally reminds me of tadashi hamada here 😭😭😭
Hazy, but clear enough to see the sun for now! ☀️ Solar lab schedule: Monday: 12-2 Tuesday: 9:30-11:30 Wednesday:…
Happy Birthday to  TAG!  🎉 Catch up with him:
Never forget when Seungri sat on Sehun's lap. My baby was so shy💕 "I'm a man who's holding a pretty flower".. Sehun indeed…
🛡Great news from the FTEC security department🛡 ➡️What became the reason, read in the article:
i’m so ready to go shopping for myself i don’t have shit 😩🙄
Busty bombshell  is just what you need tonight! Check out her  scene by 🔗…
Blessed and unbothered 😊😏🙏🏾
Fannie Mae &amp; Freddie Mac common stock is now the preferred stock after the downgrade. ⭐Common stock remains AAA rated⭐
Young MA not playin 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Goodluck 😂
Hi this is a new page dedicated to Han Hyunmin, I’ll be posting pictures and updates etc. 😁
Fuck !it I might just drop  for free tonite 14 tracks 🏹💰💰💰💰
iTunes Worldwide 🌎  Dua Lipa - One Kiss (=)  ZAYN - Let Me (NEW)  Marshmello - FRIENDS (-1)  Camila Cabello - H…
2016: Bama won it all ✅ Nova won it all✅ Tristan Thompson cheated on his baby ma…
You think high school changed you? Wait until your first semester of college😂
You beauty Sammy🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖 😘😚😘😚😘😚
Factsssss😜
One day...... 😭
We Gain 400 Followers Tonight!! Turn On My Notifications RT Fast. 10 Minutes to Go!! Don't miss!!  🔥🔥…
🗣 New Post Alert 🗣 Read, Share &amp; Comment ✨
Her husband rapped her makeup tutorial and we're absolutely here for it 👏🏾💯🙌🏾
🔔  🔔 [ 9:00 - 10:00 PM KST ] 1. : 142.7K+ 🔥 2. : 73.9K+ We're close to our h…
I finally took my boyfriend to see Black Panther &amp; this is how he acting😒
iont kno bout dat chun li sht but barbie tingz 🔥🔥🔥🔥
OUT NOW 🚨
_ ▶️ 🥇 ◀️ 💷➊ LIKE THIS‼️ 💵➋ RETWEET THIS‼️ 💴➌ FOLLOW who RTs/LKs 💶➍ WIN FOLLOWERS ‼️ ▶️🥇 ▶️  ▶️…
Amazing Pete. Love and want all the badges!! Clare 😍
2 weeks until my Bday!! Meanwhile let's drink tonight online😎
I now understand people when they say they miss their shadowbanned acct.😢
happy birthday oh sehun!!!!! 💕💕💕🌸🌸🌸🌸💖💖💖💝   🌈🎈
army, follow who retweet this 😇
The texts I get from my mum when I’m at uni 😂😂
you can't resist my puppy dog eyes 😍 📹: poodleloopy__
Hi y'all not trying to 🚨 alarm any one but I heard there is going to be an maleficent 2 what I am super excited I a…
Every boy on the planet stay away from me 🙅🏽‍♀️❌⚔️
Take your headphones with you everywhere 😂
Now..thats a proves Hyunjin is JJP's son 😊😊😊
I work hard because nothing is ever good enough for me 🗣there’s always a higher position 💰and if i don’t have it ye…
I think I'll stay away from the Fellaini tbh 😂
Lilipas din yan! dont rush things!!☺️🙏🏻❤️
trip coming up in 2 weeks... i NEED clothes 😩
Have a great trip. 😊
It would be amazing to start the game tonight, having broke the £3k barrier 😘 Any donations, no matter how large…
LOOOOOL be careful what you wish for 😂😂😂
Let's GAIN &amp; GROW TOGETHER FAST RT &amp; LIKE this Follow everyone who RT &amp; LIKE Follow 😍🔝
im going through a difficult time right now but i love y’all so much ♥️
Good Morning guys😘😇
🅜🅤🅢🅣 🅕🅞🅛🅛🅞🅦 🎆🎆FREE PORN🎆🎆 ⚠️⚠️ALL DAY⚠️⚠️ 🎇🎇CLICK ON LINKS🎇🎇 ➡️⬅️ ➡️⬅️ ➡️http…
I don’t even be knowing y’all hoes names but y’all be knowing my whole life story.😂🤦🏽‍♀️
Are you an interested in Enjin Coin but new to cryptocurrency? We wrote this article for you. Enjoy 😉
Nw Dependinq On If iGet Too Drunk Saturday , Sunday Will Be My Day Off 😂😂😂😂😂
Oh my days why is it still on there 😂😂😂
I don't even know what to say anymore 😭
When your brain keeps roasting niggas for no reason 😭😭😭😭😭
Unfortunately, the raccoon was put down due to the possibility of carrying and transmitting rabies. RIP raccoon. 😢 …
I hope is having a really good day ☀️
It's CRAAAZY!!😨😠😢💔
Fucked up 🤯🤯🤯
rt if you ❤️
Juve Family ❤️
There’s no being optimistic when the Grinch is around. 🙄
Totally can’t wait for this to come out!! It’s been to long!! The “Future” is Back!! 😁😎
My lil brother already a real one. 😂😂 (He in 6th grade) ...
That “yo pussy so wet “ be turning me on 😂😭😍
Catching alI my staIkers 😩Search InstantReport in the App Store!
Trump-dilly-icious 😄😃🤣😂😁
Remember, everyone started in a small Cessna 😊✈️ (via (©📸Linze Folkeringa, …
And seonho is on HotTracks best 5 too💞
Don’t 👏 test 👏 Yo’s 👏 arm 👏
Yes it is 👇🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Let's slay this ‼️
📽 LIVE
RT if you Follow Back Follow all who RT Quickly Follow Back all Gain 1000+🚨🚨
Not blowing my own horn MSM needs to investigate: ☝️I predicted they’d try &amp; throw a parade long b4 i…
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets. 📺
made of honey 🍯🥐✨
yeah baby we live! 🤙
: 👀 👅 If you want followers ➊ Retweet &amp; like this✔ ➋ Follow all who RT &amp; like✔ ➌ Followback everyone✔ Turn my notification…
| Harry with Silver and Spike tonight!  April 7, 2018 • ©️ https://…
This is the crux of most of the ludicrous narratives being pushed by the Left/MSM👇. Trump *knows*.
A novel about new beginnings and, most importantly, hope ✨  …
Gentlemen on twitter 😍😚 I have these made in Nigeria shoes available for sale in size 40-48  each Delivery is…
[ - The 8th Album Repackage] Title Track ' 🕺2018.04.12 6PM KST
rt this to gain taehyung stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🤪
Gnite everyone ❤
Malaysia Thala Fans Twitter Handles Please Kindly Comment Here 😊
And yall ask Chris Lee for confirmation💀💀 he does nothing but expose the boys’ private lives and call the entire fandom “a b…
Just retweet 🤙
Enter to  one of five 1 cu. ft bags of Plentiful Organic Potting Mix and grow bigger stronger  P…
Happy birthday ate 💕
Within her second ever ice skating lesson, Sophie’s passed her first NISA level in ice skating💕⛸✨🤟🏻
[  -  - ] ©btsxpics613
look who it is 👀
Love and Respect always ❤🙏😇 From - Advocate Ajayinder Sangwann Facebook
Oh Hai there. 😇    💦💦
You’re on a journey? Most humans who read your tweet above will be dead of old age before you leave Earth’s orbit? 😴
Let's settle this once and for all Who says motherf***r better 😂 Rt for Samuel L Jackson Like for Denzel Washington https:…
Beautiful  🦋    😀📮🌎👍
Love the life you live. 💝 Live the life you love. 💝 My life my husband 😉💋❤  or
that's my lil baby. ❤️💯
2 min left and shot  is still unsolved! The title ends with "...of the Tong" 🇺🇸
EXO-CBX is returning today!💐 🎧EXO-CBX ‘Blooming Days’ Music release: 2018.04.10 6PM KST 📺Comeback special live ‘EXO-CBX’…
Boban treated AD like a kid on the playground 😂
🔔 [ KPOP EXPLOSION VOTES UPDATE] 🕙 as of 1:50pm KST 🕑 1. : 149.1k 2. : 98.…
it feels like yesterday 😭😭😭
☠Liberals wonder why there is so much violence in the world ☠Liberals blame guns ☠And yet Liberals wish death on people…
soonyoung couldn't reach the table camera to do his usual palm goodbye 😂
This is 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Ghent, Belgium,🇧🇪
you never walk alone mint version + standee - giveaway ‼️ - rt to join ! - tag mutuals - 1 winner - you don’t have to…
🔥BREAKING!!!🔥 "GAME" (a man sitting next to Bambam) is reportedly free form the military already! as he did not pass the medi…
🌻🌻🌻🌻🌻 Don't sacrifice your time to the people who wouldn't do the same for you and notice the people who make an e…
🍀 AWP Oni Taiji  ☘️ CLICK 🌿 Like…
This video was gold when YouTube was coming up 😂
Your P5 OP video is quite the masterpiece. 👌
Not only is she booked.. SHE’S BLESSED 🙌🏽 happy Sunday 💕
same im already trying to get a job and im sucking up to caleb to buy me tickets 😂
SAFE FLIGHT BAMIEEE 💚💚💚
My Dads fav aunt passed 😢
Throwback to CBX debut showcase when Jongdae tried to form the letters C. B. X with his body 😂
It may have been in the 40s tonight, but was red 🔥🔥🔥 in his Mudcats debut. WATCH:
Release before the vote 🗳 results Let’s Enjoy and follow for hot hot video
🐥[KPOP EXPLOSION] AM 8~9 KST 1. BTS - 154.9K+ ↗️ 2. - 85.3K+
it was nice meeting you. I recognized your laugh in line right away. 😁✨
I just want the same love &amp; loyalty i been giving out that’s all 🙄
I love you so much❤ don't be sad na.
NEW || with fans today in Philadelphia! (April 9) ©️idfwyclayton
Heppy Easte🐰My friend🍀🐰🍀🐣🍀
Will Smith encourages you to find your Wakandian name 😂. Comment yours 👇🏾
(Video via Lol 😂 after Emily makes a joke about wearing a lot of clothes next season I swear I hear Stephen…
My date with Blue for a foot measure ☺️ fair play to they are very good with him.....I also wish I could…
Gain Quick Active Followers 👉 Retweet &amp; Like 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back 👉 Follow 👉Turn on My Notificat…
1 RT = 1 VOTE 🚨 PLEASE KEEP TAGGING 🙏
How to Ace This Season's Corset Trend via (gotta add some corset pieces to the store like now 😍)…
Stream Zest Sunglasses Giveaway! 🎁 ✔️ Retweet &amp; Follow Me ✔️ Follow ✔️ Tag 1 friend 🏆 Winner drawn in 48 hours…
🏆FIFA  Rewind ⏪ It's back and we have an absolute peach of game, chosen by you, coming this week from 🇺🇸USA 1994…
🇯🇵Oricon Daily Sales:  - Face Yourself: 13,202 (281,986 total) *6th day at
Hello there! This is Fox! 😍
Does Shawn cut His hair or His head grew ? 🤔😅
Before &amp; After ! My doctor did that 🙌🏽 i couldn’t be any happier with my results ❤️ 15 days post op 💉 …
Follow everyone who retweets and Likes this 💫
😍📚 A place of magic and exploration.
NETFLIX PREMIUM ULTRA HD 💛 60 PESOS ONLY!!! ☕️
Retweet for good concert luck ✨
A well spent day! 👍
Black!!! 🖤🖤🖤
Wow erbody getting there summer body and im over hear eating 6 taco meals workng out once a year lkin ass 😭
I’ll always be here if you need me, I told you that from the beginning🧡
"What is love?" and "Love Scenario" Who knows 😂😂😂😂😂 Cr: TROLL iKON
Cherries just risked themselves creating twitter account. A big thanks. Let's work hard for the boys. Jiayou! 💪
Life is too short for quiet sex.. like tf 😂
This shampoo pranks are funny as hell 😂😂😂😂😂
That boi Crawford is smooth asf 😍
I really want some crawfish 😭
This was today at constitutional hill. Maaaaan they sound so beautiful. 😍😍 I thought you should just see…
👀 RONDO x THE BROW 👀
This picture still be having me crying lmaooooooooo 😂😂😂
and once i get tired of trying , it’s a wrap 🤷🏽‍♀️.
Sexy good night 💞💣💥💦
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show Just_Baby💎DP:
I love the 12th Doctor. ❤️
📺 SkyNet Community Member is live now on Twitch stop by her channel &amp; say hi 🔗 - Esk…
Wait.... r his twins possibly on the way?? Inquiring minds want to know!! 👶🏻👶🏻
LMFAOOOOOO someone said cardi b looks like the mole from zootopia 😭
Please help, man needs his boat! 🙏🏻
💚For you my lovely sis 💚pinky💚
Grown Man Status. 😎
y’all i thought she was bustin a full split on the table 😂
InshaAllah thank you sistor 😘😘
[OFFICIAL] 1804010 | EXO Instagram Update with EXO-CBX 🔗
🔥Live Webcam Sex Chat For Free! 🔥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ https:/…
🍯 rt if u stan + support 🍯 follow everyone who rt!
🏆🏆GAIN FOLLOWERS FAST🏆🏆 1⃣ ⚡️Follow everyone who RT or LIKES this⚡️ 2⃣ ➡️Follow 🙏 💐 💋
When u have 2 minutes left to finish the test 😂😂
Cherries are so cute 😍 let's us walk in memories together along with exo💕
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🌊
☘️🍀KNIFE GIVEAWAY🍀☘️ Shadow Daggers Forest DDPAT To Enter ✅Follow ✅RT + Like ✅Tag Two Friends D…
✔ 1 RT = 1 VOTE ✔ ✔ 1 REPLY = 1 VOTE ✔
y’all i thought she was bustin a full split on the table 😂
you cant do this you cant do that 🙄always negative i mean they have no faith in me
🐼 RETWEET &amp; LIKES this 🐼 Follow all that like and RT this 🐼 Follow back all that follow you 🐼 Follow me 🐼 🐶
I keep seeing medical practitioners. That journey is not for the weak financially eh. Come and see debt 😨🙆🏾‍♀️
Yes, I think so....💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻 Facebook reconsiders 'unsafe for community' tag on pro-Trump Diamond and Silk videos after Fox &amp;…
I hate my brother but I love him at the same time 😂
SHATA MICHY WHY YOU BE FINE LIKE THAT😍😍😍
[💗] a reminder that all the best people were once beginners. if you want to become really good at something, keep practici…
Yesss Skinny Queen😍✨
SHARE IF YOU CARE OR JUST HATE AND STARE💭💨👽💚🌠🎧 Listen to Dubble - Wavez by dubble kool ass  on  https:/…
Black women in white coats 💉❤️
VIDEO SHOOT THIS FRIDAY 2:30 BOULDER DRIVE ♥️🤐 ME &amp; 🙅🏾‍♂️🧢 “FLEX” PULL UP N BRING YA WHOLE GANG 🗣🗣🗣
Someone covered  with Daegeum (a traditional korean music instrument) and only one word MASTERPIECE!!😍😍 https://…
Happy Birthday to one of the most chill, genuine people I have ever met here! ❤️❤️
Volunteers, you guys are the real MVP💪🏻 get back home safely!
Hello world! I'm ready. I'm ready to be happy. For what else can you offer. Hit me off. Ready na ko. 😉
excuse me, where's my food? 📹: kote218
What a  yayyy!!!  ! !! 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
💯 • Mikey
We're one of the best rated projects on 🥇 Check it out:
🚨Tariff exemption for Ivanka: China recently approved 3 new trademarks for Ivanka Trump’s brand there–on the same day she din…
Indeed. ☺️ We might as well claim it.  🌸
*Reading an FIE from another district* TESTING OBSERVATIONS “[Name] is a cute, dark haired little boy.” 🤔🤦🏻‍♀️
To join send any amount between 0.2 and 5 ETH and get 1-50 right back. Our official address for this giveaway👇…
🔥 𝗠𝗼𝗻𝗱𝗮𝘆 𝗠𝗼𝘁𝗶𝘃𝗮𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻 🔥  🎀 💖 💜 🎥
We learnt so much from on  🦄✨
I can’t wait until it arrives 😍💖
we are all marupok for a certain person 🙁
[HQ] 180327 -Stage- Lay @ Chinese Top Ten Music Awards ✨✨ Álbum en Facebook→
Youtube. 😂
@ my man 😍😍
Only the real remember these 💯
OTRA Harry and Camille are the perfect match😻🤤
50 more followers Get me past 1000 n ill drop a video soon🏋🏾‍♂️
Please help, man needs his boat! 🙏🏻
EXO-CBX is returning today!💐 🎧EXO-CBX ‘Blooming Days’ Music release: 2018.04.10 6PM KST 📺Comeback special live ‘EXO-CBX’…
Thats all we can do. Real recognize real cuh💯
Join Our Airdrop to get 50 Brynex token 🔥50 Brynex = 50 USD 🔥 Joining Link - Etherdelt…
Emotions 😍😍
Good Morning 🌍... Don’t let dreams cover your practical side. Wakeup and get to the hustle.
Thanks for all the messages. WGT Obsession Bizarr Show is full and i'm super excited 🖤🖤🖤 Have a…
💥 10 HOUR FLASH GIVEAWAY! 💥 To Enter: ✔️ Retweet ✔️ Visit Bet-CSGO: ✔️ Follow:
Watch till the end and look at Minghao's expression😆          …
If you're a fan of hotkeys, this is a useful one to remember 😊
Goodnight everyone 😘🐾❤😊
Congratulations! Well deserved! 💜💜
How many SW will ascend to socialism from capitalism? 🧐
Thank you! Glad the step by step explanation helped! 😂
amaris // fire 🧡
Lol some type of shit I would do 😂💀
I miss going on dates with Bri Bri. 😞
You ain’t never lie sis 💯
The are stomping amongst us again 👀
RT: Electronic or Printed Delivery of Custom Floor Plans 🏘 🏠 🏡 🏙
Lucas’ “ahhh u did so well 😊” is a MOOD
180417 ep.49 🔗 🔗 (5mb⬇)
the state I live in is a giantess state 🙈 did I do this
Lmao bruh wtf 😂 twitter is hilarious
Today and every day, RMAC Athletic Administrators join together to say  to sexual violence ✋ h…
I suck. I’m giving up quick. Nvm my first reply. 😬
Really Asli you talk too much! The guy wanted to play and you speaking about petunias 😑😑😑 Good night!!
👉 📽This is not one of those boring road trips, far from it. This time around I get to film my
🗣🗣🗣🗣 Y’all better WAKE UP! It’s niggas out here who are WILLING to put you through SCHOOL, help you start a BUSINES…
When you start getting cramps 😐 (it’s crazy boys will never know what this feels like)
Oh dear. This is awkward... 🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿
i really miss and her cooking😂😍
Ohmagerd finally done what a day 😱
♨️ Free Online Sex Cams ↴ ♨️ Register 100% Free ↴ ♨️ Get Your Free Tokkens ↴ 🔥 🔥 …
So no Nandos with the xtra hot sauce. No wonder I didn't finish last year 😂
Big Happy 18th Birthday my man Cade!! Shake and Bake brodie😩✊🏻
Never beg...😊🤠
Sorry😄
umMMmMmMM EXcuSE mEE LUcAsssSS 👀
You make me happy 🤩
The best news I’ve gotten all year  ❤️
BACK AT AGAIN😩 *When you invite a JERSEY nigga to your Spanish Party🤷🏽‍♂️🕺🏾😅*
they look so happy 😭 im so proud of you guys
Spending time with loved ones is such a great feeling 😇 Stay wild, go for an adventure, explore and experience somethi…
🔱 Very Hot 🔱 🔱➤
'I've got something in my ear...' 🖕😂
Finish 🌙
RT FOR GOODLUCK!!🤧🖤 Please make me the happiest girl alive rn and please retweet this! Ohmy-- it would mean so much honestl…
STARLIGHTS! We surpassed 100K views on YT within only 45 minutes! We're doing WONDERFULLY 💖 Thank you Starlights 🌟
Wandering bears🐻
💥❗️Great news for Sonder Project!❗️💥 Our team had established partnrership with OmiseGo Project! OMG coin will be integ…
Pension regulation and auto-enrolment has made pensions a minefield for employers over the past few years. 💣💣💣 Do y…
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
I love you NYC but you’re exhausting. Starting my day at 1pm again 😅💕
Ocarina Cycle 🎶🎶🎶 ()
Dongie ah.. I don't like drama like this. I don't know which one was true. But, please let me hug you for once 😔
Teaser for Double You in Bangkok is LIT!!! Double You in Seoul DVD juseyooo , I want to see the whole thing 😭😭😭…
A melody 🎶
...Hottest MILF from Germany..!!!! She is here to make u guys go crazy !! 😍😍😘😘
Ain’t shit left for me here but a bunch of lies and bs, exactly why I’m moving in three months ✌🏽🤙🏽🛫
Best ring bearer ever 💍 Yes or No ❤❤❤ 💗🐶👰💗🐶👰💗🐶👰
welcome to Fukutaro's house. 🐱🏠 📹: fukutaro_official
🆘🆘   3yo  What a sweet girl she is! Wants nothing more than to go home with someone that ad…
Pure telecommunications porn. 😵☎📞
😂😂😂 its all love
not to be dramatic but I would fucking die for you 💓
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! 🙋🏻‍♀️
I still haven’t put up a pic of me on insta w/ my bang and it’s been almost a month 😕
Score another for the Internet 🤗
you'd be lying if you told me this 1 minute video did not make you feel some typa way.. at all. 🤥🤔
rt for an acc rate❣
It’s called sarcasm mate 😕😂😂
godthewoman 25 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 25 people.
Good time for  👍     Th…
🌟 [KPOP EXPLOSION MTV BRAZIL] 🌟 🗳   ( ) +
من شخص ما Never seen anything quite like you ❤
💥 Tackles Won This Season: 🇩🇪 Shkodran Mustafi - 61 🇧🇷 Roberto Firmino - 62 😳 Outrageous.
Men: get her pregnant and fuck up her summer Women: 🗣BITCH YOU THOUGHT
his world is starting to make a change! Dramax original drama "RichMan" first broadcast teaser 📺 Meet EXO Suho as Le…
Damn😭😭🤷🏾‍♂️
🏆 MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS 🏆 Don't forget to vote! 🔥 BEST DANCE COVER: →  +  (
HOW IM FEELIN! 😻🤑💰😻🤑💰
Hours
Happy birthday 🎂🎉
I’m The Best At What I Do   EverettNicholasV... I Am Not A Jr🙄🤦🏾‍♂️
BTS is the ONLY korean act nominated at this year's Billboard Music Awards!🔥 🌟BTS has now been nominated 2 years in a r…
Mongrand 😭😭
I gotta be up early in the morning 😭😭
Apple bees makes me happy💙
Soft to hard 😈
This semester needs to end ‼️
This is how girls feel when other girls compliment us like thankssssssss girl 😩😩😩❤️
Do you hear that? It's my heart to break into millions of pieces 😭😭😭😭  hurts
— all about ME⚡️ —
The  starts in 20 minutes 🖤 But Before we start make sure to go follow👇🏻 💦 💦
- Job done ✅
fuck pussy hard in the goal 👉 👈 indein girl fucking www jackmanfucking com hardsex mom free
once again, let's work hard for  , let's give them what they deserve 💛
Well done for stopping Mr Haynes from being deported in the windrush scandal. 👍🏻
They gonna get theirs, but know ima get mine 🏹
Shaq had jokes for everyone. 😂
Don't be shy to accept Money/Airtime from you Ex It's your Pension money😏
I dont really like hairy, but this is quite hot😳
Me currently 😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭
Lord, thank you for another day. This is another opportunity to fulfill my day. 🙏🏽
D E L I V E R Y B O Y E 🍕
˗ˏˋ lucky ˊˎ˗ — unique salonga's short imagine story 🌻 by: 🍃
thankyou Gg😂😂
Man, that’s not going to age well at all! You failed at ethical! That’s only 5 words into your tweet.. 🤦🏼‍♂️
LMFAO 😂😂
Wow, Amazing! SELENA💜 is broadcasting on ,come to join!
blooming day💖💖💖
Being goofy with the person that you adore &gt;&gt;&gt;😭
Lmao everyone be wanting my little brother to go to prom 😂, but all he wants is a girl date not the homes SO HELP A BROTHE…
Always ♥
lmaoo india really erk my nerves 😂🙄
One of my farthest hunting rifle shots😀
heard j cole dropping that hot shit in 3 days😩
28 videos in a row demonetized. Beat that. 🤭
Twitter do your thing 💪🏽
So vem lolo 💛
I didn't see this coming. I'm not okay. 😭
10 points to the fan who can answer every single one of these questions, GO! 😜
Crying at Drake watching the “ChampagnePapi” episode of  on his ig story 😭😭😭 classic
Curmudgeon but has a good heart ☺️
NCT in the house NCT 2018 'Black on Black' 🎬Music Video ➫ 4/19 0am (KST)   https://…
🔥Ready Stock🔥 Adidas Derby Vulc Trainers “Black White” Brand New With Box Size 40 41⅓ 42 43⅓…
“You’ve got a lot going for you, why aren’t you married?” 🤨
And I need a damn can opener 😤 why do I keep forgetting to buy one
180415 💙 © 180centimeter
Changed Her Life And Made Her My Wife💍 Yesterday💯💪🏼
Pheasant trying to eat cat's food 😹
WHY SO ADORABLE 😭😭!!
⚠️ARMYs we need to increase our voting rate⚠️ 🔐Let’s unlock these as soon as possible: 🗳1600 RT 🗳260 Replies 📣PLEASE…
My CD came today!!!!  💙 ❤️💙🇺🇸 🌎🌍🇬🇷 Thank you so much for your amazing music, for alway…
Our faves and just shared the most adorable Twitter exchange. Find out what went down HERE 😍💕 &gt;&gt;&gt; https:…
my niggas😈
Farewell on Thursday 🙃🙃🙃
New artbook (Window) 🌸 Coming late April
Imagine your girl bushing your hair in that direction smh 🤦🏾‍♂️
i would bring a lot to be learnt from him 👏🏼
Follow everyone who retweets this🌈
This is how you be a heel😂
Cant wait!! X❤x
What a day! It’s a yes vote at last 👏🏼🏟
🔁 Donut ❤️ Phoskitos
Tiffany Haddish and Kevin Hart SHOULD NOT be together alone bruh, they stupid as hell 😂😂😂😂😂
we going ✈ german lessons
Wtf .. Olivia can’t see my mentions to her 🙄 you tryna divide our friendship???
Undoubtedly 😂
Who can build me furniture out of wood pallets!? 😎😇
I have the craziest shows in the country! 🥒🥒🥒🥒🍆🍆🍆🍆
"It's good to see you back on the scene, sunshine!" - 😂
🌴🌴 StepSiblingsCaught - Horny StepSis will do anything for help...  …
New place ❤️ Extremely happy Goddess!
idk but I kno they at the skating rink rn unbothered 😂😂
You’re one to talk, Aubrey. 😆😆
What a squad 🔥🤡👸
❥ℒℴѵℯ ❥ ♛ ⚬☞ NoLimit ☜⚬ ♛ ❥ℒℴѵℯ ❥ ☮️🦄☯️ 🔊 System Of A Down - Chop…
Iono Not 1 Real Street Nigga Dat Wanna Be Stuck Ina Streetz Foreva📍
[❗️] NOTICE ARMYs, is nominated at MTV Latin America: 🏆 Best Fandom: () 🏆 Kpop Revolu…
[Mwave Music Chart] April💕 Messages from  for your vote🐣💚 Vote Here ➡️ *Su…
New album  轉 'Tear' will be here 5/18 ❤❤ Listen to our This is: BTS Playlist () on
Can you remember who  were, before the  told you who you should be? ☁️…
hot new spring look 🌱☘️🍃
Y'all my cousin sent me this video and I'm crying 😂😭
My mom talking about bringing some food to my apartment and im talking about how shiny my car is 😂
I been doing soooo good 🙇🏻‍♀️ lord please keep the negativity away from me 🤞🏼😔
I LOVE YOU SM 😭
Oh yes and I am in the Ortho-Trauma ward because they didn't have room for me anywhere else in the hospital 😂
Lmfao imagine ur team tweeting shit like that smh 🤦
Loyalty... 😉😂
I should probably get up and get ready sense I’m leaving in twenty minutes 😂😅
Niggas around babies is like top 5 funniest shit ever. They don’t know what the fuck to do 😭
1: 🍷Retweet this🍺 2: 🥃Like this🍾 3: 🍸Follow all who like and rt this🥂 4: 🍹Follow back all that follow you🍹 5: 🥂Gain followe…
dmc1138 Congrats on your 250❤️ tweet!
I miss this!! 😭
Real Madrid and Juventus are now tied 3-3 on aggregate 👀
Dropping the next  details soon 😏
Someone is speaking in tongues 🤣🤣🤣🤣
the cutest duo ever ❤️
Servin it up 🖤 👸🏽  🥋  🕰 1PM Thursday
95' GOAL!!!!! ⚽️ 1-3 You just couldn't write it! Cristiano Ronaldo scores from the spot to send R…
Good night 🌙💤 😔
Storm, Earth and Fire… heed my call! New updates are here for Warcraft III, including hero balance changes!  🎲 htt…
OG Prince Charming😜 Stay tuned for something coming soon.
Imagine Chanyeol singing 🎵 Can I be your boyfriend? Can I? .... oh baby... oh baby 🎵 IM-
They really throwing hands 😂😂
Congratulations to  for clinching  🥇 in the women's double trap final at
📷 workoutgear:
You Know What, I’m Sick Of Niggas 😭
LMFAAAAAAAAO 💀 Who the fuck made this ?
Thanks Little Master! It is such a treat to motivate young India to create history 🇮🇳 Half a century beckoning 😉 Good luck to…
Playoff hockey starts tonight 😍
I can’t believe this is Jerry Reynolds last time announcing for the Kings😢
Westbrook does it again 😱
You have one life. Don’t measure it by the breaths you take, but by the moments that take your breath away ☺️😌
You are my idol. 😂😂
😂😂😂Wassupp Fool
Beautiful... humanity is shameful. 😢
💌 Today is a very special day for me. Today is your birthday Oh Sehun. You are my happiness, and the person wh…
His side profile is no joke 😭😭
I literally saved his life!!!!!😱
This happened to me before.. no worse pain in the world 😖
man until you hit college you not gone understand the feeling of betrayal when your friends say this😂😂😂😂 …
❤❤❤❤❤Sooo Kind you are❤❤❤❤❤ Thanks sooo much for your great words🌹🙋🌹 whish you all a peaceful time dear friends❤ ❤🌟❤🌟❤…
We're back! Fortify yourself with Port-a-Fort in Battle Royale and shine bright with Neon weapons in Save the World. 🏰💡
dad comes home today 😭😭
📣ATTENTION❗️ ARMY, please keep voting for BTS for the KPOP explosion category at MTV Miaw Brazil 2018!🔥 Reminder, voti…
EXO-CBX 'Blooming Day' topped the Daily chart of Xiami Music China🇨🇳👏🎉 'Blooming Days' also debut No.1 in Weekly chart.😱👏🎉…
RT THIS FOR A FOLLOW 🤙🏻
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets. 💥
ARMYs, where are you? Please keep tweeting! 🙏🙏
🧡 for a tbhhh
Every athlete talk to themselves during workouts...😂😂🤦‍♂️
The fun times of Thala-Chinna Thala!  😍💛
Lets focus on our ! Do not engage yourself into negativity💜 Just live the Bangtan way ! Spread love and hope t…
last nights sold out show👽🍸
Reply to this tweet with "ifb" and follow everyone who likes your tweet/🤑
🐻🐰🐶Monbebe World🐹🐢🐝🐺  monstaxfanart
TAEMINAAAAA THE SHRIMP OH NO 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
What a race. All of it. What a race. 🙏
Suer clip ! 👍
There is a 100% chance Mark  is a robot 😂
these three😌
👌👌👌look sir.....
🔴Japan and Swiss Regulators Sign  Pact ⏩
is very, very, very, sorry for his actions against at  ...😉
tops the iTunes Worldwide Album chart for a 3rd day!👏1⃣🌎🎵👑🌟
Cast glass by Latchezar Boyadjiev 💙 The artist sketches and handcrafts all the molds himself!
It’s really hard to make my characters not talk exactly like I do! 🙈 Especially the ones I project myself into/draw myself from the most! 😂
❄️Snow or not we are open❄️  @ Flour Shop
See you tomorrow💋 Have a good night
happy birthday!!!!! I hope you have the best day ever!!! Don’t get too crazy in Florida 🤪🤪🤪💕💕
Vanakkam 🙏🏻 If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. This little kid has a pure heart ! Hope…
Mom catches her two sons singing 😍😍
he even lost his chancleta😂🤦🏼‍♀️
LOOK AT THIS BEAUTIFUL FOX LADY I LOve hER SM WAAAAH 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
what should I put on the back of my powderpuff shirt 👀
COOOOOOP! 🐊 0, 🍢 1 | B3
THE QUEEN OF RAP IS COMING! 🚨 Nicki Minaj “Barbie Tingz” first single from her 4th studio album dropping this Thursday.…
🌈⭐️🔥Twitter Warriors  Twitter Storm🔥⭐️🌈 Mark your 📅 Join Twitter Warriors  on Thursday April 12 8PM Hel…
♨️ Best Free Sex Cams ↴ ♨️ Free Sex Dating Cams ↴ ♨️ ♨️ ♨️ …
We are so amazed at the support and attention we've received about our  with 😁 Here's another…
Just as much 💕 between these two IRL. | 📷 (cc:
Happy  We're celebrating with our favorite big red dog, of course! ❤️🐶
You know I got the video of the punk jump guys 🤘🏼
I love this tasbih apps, korang trylah download. Make your time valuable ! 😍
Red Sox Game Day! ⚾️⚾️⚾️
just wait till i get my hands on my daddy. im gonna be posting cute lil videos of us tongue kissing, all sloppy 🤤 videos…
👀 PJ Tucker suited up in the coveted LeBron III "Oilers"
my caption vs my girlfriends 🙃
his little wind up to jump 😂😍 📹: mackthebullydog
Thank you so much ARMYs for voting/tweeting since Day 1. Let's keep this up &amp; widen the gap before BBMAs starts! 💪
LOOK! Updated  women’s standings as of 4/11/2018 📊
Cannot wait to have a little break away today👫
I hope this day goes by smoothly😩
🔥🔥🔥🔥 Picture Trump laying in his bedroom with a bowl of ice cream on his belly while just wearing “chonies”(underwear) T…
Karylle's letter for her Tita Amy ❤️
Bashar Jaafari challenges  on the  issue. Finally, some logic in the jungle of wolves Watch ➡️ https:/…
A new gamified course about to be released very soon 🐶 any ideas what is it about? 🤔
Slang throwing but your words hit the wall cus the true tea 🍵 is wat it is
She’s Beautiful 😍
⚡️ Mr. Triple-Double now stands alone ⚡️
My week on Twitter 🎉: 2.26K Likes, 1.17K Retweets, 607 Retweet Reach, 2.37K New Followers. See yours with …
😂😂. Y'all want more or what?
start👏an👏anarcho👏syndicalist👏gamer👏rag👏
man until you hit college you not gone understand the feeling of betrayal when your friends say this😂😂😂😂 …
Work hard in silence; let success make the noise.
Omg i love you sooo much 😍😭😭 you’re the best!!!
The Choice Is Clear  . BOLD🇺🇸CONSERVATIVE🇺🇸VETERAN Ready To…
can’t wait ur gunna look bomb either way bb😍😍😍👏🏻
he really is the most beautiful when he is smiling 💓
LET THEM KNOWWWW!! WE  🔒❤️
Waiting on EP 🔥🔥🔥🔥
💎 Free Fuck Buddy Dating↴ ⚠️ If You Want To Fuck Now↴ 💎 💎 💎 …
big ole bully 😂
and with more years to come ~ you'll always be our precious maknae! 💙
Some made ya look, I still didn’t pick a guy 😜
Shame on our people 😒😤 for doing this to a player   has nothing to do with  issue  👎🏼 https://…
Rosetta (Gravity Mix) by Jens Buchert ! 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Thanks sis! We getting it in before summer hits! ♥️
Busy weekend ahead 😐
Just trash friends being trash 🚮 no surprise
Yu trynna b my best friend ?👀😏
when yo favorite teacher get hit😂😂
_ 🌎  🌍Turn my Notifications ON ⏰➊ Retweet 🐝➋ Follow everyone 🐒➌ Reply "Ifb" 🐌➍ Follow me 🐒➎ Gain follower…
🌼Welcome Spring🌼 I was able to finally finish up this personal piece, I wanted to do something nice for spring!
So smart already 🙌🏾
Hoes Be Miserable &amp; Broke ❗️Stop Watching Me &amp; Make Sure Your Check Over $300 When It's Pay Day Baby .
sucks to suck 🤧😩🗿
200 Fast Follows 👉Like if you follow back. Gain
🇺🇸🇺🇸 Devin Nunes: “We Will Have a Plan To Hold In Contempt And Impeach.” 🇺🇸🇺🇸
💙✨Hey everyone!! ✨💙 I have a tee on the Hatsune Miku WeLoveFine FanForge right now and could really use your help! Please v…
I have a question?. Can somebody plzzzzz tell ki Retweets chahiye maximum ya krne h maximum? 🤔🤔🤔
NUTRA-LIFT® Beautiful Healthy Skin the Natural Way with MADE in USA Award Winning PREMIUM Natural &amp; Organic SKINCA…
BlueberryActive® is a 100% premium quality blueberry concentrate. It’s rich in antioxidants and a single 30ml servi…
Good morning to everyone except Tristan Thompson 🤗
1:✔️Retweet this 2:✔️Like this 3:✔️Follow all who like and rt this 4:✔️Follow back all that follow you 5:✔️Gain followers fast…
🔔 [ KPOP EXPLOSION VOTES UPDATE] 🕙 as of 6:00pm KST 🕑 1. : 113.0k 2. : 57.…
You are the cause of my Euphoria 🎶
💁‍♀️ 👠 🎩 🙋‍♀️ RT if you agree the Best POWER COUPLE Ever resides in the WHITEHOUSE  🙏protect.
....never say never Mark!....we’ll get there yet., and so will you!✅😊
Thank you big time bro 🙏❤ Means a lot ❤❤❤
Not just you. ☺
Tweeting from Hexperience 😂😂😂🙌🙌
Think it’s time to find me a sugar daddy 😭🤷🏻‍♂️💯
Happy birthday gorgeous ! Hope you have the best day eva!!♥️
When someone gives you a nickname, it means you are special to that person. Really? 🤔🤔🤔
vote for my baby 💘
Seungjin Changlix Minsung Woochan the ships are still sailing 😎
Awwwwwwwwwww!!... 👄👄👄👄👄👄❤❤👄👄❤👄.. Hot dammmmmm .. Awwwwwwwww!!
They don’t want no smoke 💨
Never tell ya personal problems to nobody. In the long run, they’ll use that against you. 💯
Thank you. 😍
Pray to Allah the most high who is above everything 🙏🏽
So cute sehunnie🙈 can’t wait❤️
My bff who doesn’t lie to me is coming over 😂
I SEEEEEEE YA PETUNIAAAAAA!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 leave my dick outta this!!!! Lmfao
💓My store has been updated! 💓 🐰Go take a look! 🐰
Woojin’s, Seungmin’s, Hyunjin’s, and Jisung’s reaction of my “WOW” request. WHY they’re always judging me so hard 🤦🏻‍♀️ htt…
SO PROUD of and .. You two looked stunning as you always do .. Much love to both of you ❤️…
Thanks 🙏🏾😌
Good Night 🌙 i love you all 💞 He's so pretty
Dover opened up offensively tonight with 17 hits beating Cambridge 18-0 in 5 innings. gets the W! 3-2 in ECOL  🌪
I said yesss 😍😭❤️
Nike Air Max 270 Volt Launching in 50 minutes at END. Clothing 🚀 Link &gt;
Almost there. 🔪
Ok then.... come to Montreal?😌
We all luv chicken😍
going live ✅✅✅✅✅✅✅✅✅✅✅✅✅
soooo proud of my boys ♥️ awiiiieee
Friends 🤗❤😘
ALLEGEDLY...🙄
This is some next level rocket riding 🚀☂️
Oh  😢😢 Love you bruh!! 😢😢 Feel so sorry for
That made me feel less alone so thank you💛💛💛
Rugged (Orange) - Kar98k🎁 6 Skins, 2 Winners To Enter: -RT -Follow and -Tag 2 Friends Rolling in 24…
thank you and greens for sorting me out with this room . ⛳️🏌🏻‍♂️
oiiii sissss. You’re supposed to be my motivator ? 😭
I love whoever runs this account. Soumaya Jp is the real MVP. NCT 127(엔시티 127) - TOUCH (터치) [8D USE HEADPHONES] 🎧…
A chute full of heifers is just too tempting for some bulls.🤷🏼‍♀️
When ur the last air-bender 😂
Just a reminder that Michael Oliver didn't send Joe Hart off for this, but did send off Gigi Buffon tonight. 🤔 https:/…
I'll wait for you there like a stone 🌟
A little  for the week ahead! May it energize and inspire you. 💫🙏🏽💞
JID made the 2018 xxl freshman list ... real rap finally coming back 🙌🏿🙌🏿
Been meaning to watch My Friend Dahmer ft Ross Lynch since I heard about it 😬 mostly because it’s interesting to learn a…
Lmbo same 😂
💥Maxi-Pad seems to be a bit confused. She claims Jim Comey lies and has zero credibility, yet she believes everythin…
Kevin's Heart video. 💜
goodnight 😴
highlight &amp; tiger stripes✨ shoulder stretch marks are my fave
August Macke (1887-1914) Girls Under Trees Beauty in  🖼→
This little girl grew up with two gorillas — and now they're reuniting for the first time in 12 years 💞 …
I haven’t got my btc it’s been 1 months WTF😡
Protect your car with an umbrella 🚗 ☂️
“I got to learn how to love without you. I got to carry my cross without you” 😓❤️👼🏼
smh you didn't get fat, you got thick 🍑
I'm just not for everybody...🎈
Ed Sheeran and Beyoncé Perfect Duet. Boyoncé really killed it. BIG UPS🤘🤘 This woman is legendary.
C’mon Dabbers do a favour and equalise 🤞🏼
Bless him for trying though 🙂😂😂
I ain’t spending shit if I can’t spring it 10 times 🤷🏽‍♂️
Which bear would you take for free? 😍❄ 🐼 🐻
It was my mood for the week 💁🏼‍♂️ Moving on 😌
The ultimate care free link up hits  May 12th 👉🏾Free Food Until 3pm . Then we’ll have vendors and food trucks 👉🏾Yoga s…
I can't believe minseok ripped his pants while dancing during the filming of  MV 😂😂
“The earth laughs in flowers.” ~Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) 📷: "Astrantia" by…
Since many of you are looking for new friends: RT this tweet Follow who followed you Follow those who retweeted ☺️ Find a n…
You have been visited by the three good boys of luck. Pass this along for 5 years of love and good luck ✨✨✨ …
thank you😘
So cute!😍
Last night in Dallas 🙏🏼
🎶 Mo Salah, Mo Salah, running down the wing 🇪🇬👑
B4 | Hunter Stovall singles through the right side to lead off the inning No. 5 Ole Miss leads 3-2
My new face 👜👜👜👜👑👑👑🎩🎩🎩👖👒👒👒👘👘👠👠👠👔👔🔬🔬🔬🔚🔚
BBY WHEN DO YOU LOOK GOOD ASF😩😩
⏬ watch ⏬
Awww Terry that’s very sweet of you. I will put it down to flattering lighting 😂 don’t donyourslef a disservice!! x
I saw us on  during Leo performance ❤🙌😂🌻 that was a fun day
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this 🎵
So, Nursing and midwifery council of Nigeria is on strike... I just wasted my tfare and energy 😒😥
Just accidentally recorded My cat dropping my damn laptop and it looks hilarious 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Calling all 🐺🐺🐺 We’re heading to the Mol for 12.30pm on Sat to welcome our Championes 🏆ahead of our last game. Let’s show…
wish i could just rip my fkin tonsils out tbh 🤮🤢
Small sticker I will have on Pyrkon Probably with a real gold effect ✨
obviously the person who runs this fb page has noticed whats been happening on twitter 😂 …
See you soon, 👀
Yassszz, Amara slaying all these hairstyle switch ups 😍
im so bitchy now 😂 ik mfs sick of my ass lmao
Naa look at the comments I'm done 😭😭😭
Our hearts ❤️
I've been feeling quite invisible lately so I'm making sure you can see me. 💜💛 …
HIGH RATED GABRU TEAM 🔥
I never switched I knew it would pay off ⚖️
OMG !! 😱 🚨🚨🚨 It's happening !! 🚨🚨🚨 Get Ready ARMYs !! 😳 😭👉( •[ •[ •(
rt this to gain jungkook stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🍉
I always think this is JDO' s another account🤔🤔
Enzo's little head tilts 😍 📹: enzovonnummereins
I FUCKEN H8 THE SMELL OF CIGARETTES 😤😤
✨YeonStans✨ BTS at May 20th!! We also have a birthday today! Everyone wish a Happy birthday! 🎂🎊…
You twitter people will not go to heaven 😂😂😂
I can't stop watching this gif 😂
Gain 200+ actives fast!! 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow 👉 Follow back
▫️1st Kpop group to be nominated and win at the BBMAs ▫️1st Korean Artist to be nominated for 2nd consecutive…
I read "Adulting" and the meme still made sense 😥
Yea salty I slept then 😭
😳BTS is 99.9% getting announced as the BBMAs performers tomorrow
Good luck!!! 💖💖
Poster photoshoot ✅
📸| performing “Girls Like Girls” last night (via Rowan.willis on instagram)  https:/…
Morning Glory🦋  @ Bangkok Metropolis, Thailand
📷 dresdoodles: On falling in love with your gay best friend 💖 follow me or on twitter
The scariest feeling in the world is when your looting a chest in tilted and someone else takes the gun💯💯💯
it's funny that "You'll Never Walk Alone" is trending worldwide completely unrelated to bts/army 😂
NUTRA-LIFT® Beautiful Healthy Skin the  Way with  Award Winning PREMIUM Natural &amp;
Mohammed Salah👏👏👏👏 what else can i say
When i say i felt this Shit with every part of me. DROP THIS SO I CAN SING MY LUNGS OUT! 😭😩 …
That crowd tho😍 Veracruz Mex, Lit AF con Caballos del norte
Are you overdue for a pampering? Well I've got you covered 😉 check out these  and  prices 😊
If drop this skin I’ll give everybody who RTs this $5‼️
when your bff surprises you with these cute friendship bracelets from 🌍😻
Me too 😢 some of my husbands coworkers actually voted for him &amp; always have SOMETHING to say when I’m around. Fuck that cheeto
The Greatest Goddess Of All Time  😍🙌
😭😭😭 weed is legal
🚨COMPETITION TIME 🚨 Be in with a chance to win a signed PNE home shirt! Simply RT and follow us
🦇 @ Notting Hill
Daddy💅🏼
J.Cole put Kevin Heart in the video for the song Kevin’s Heart which is about cheating 😂😂
I'm a ⚪️ Man ⚪️ Woman 🔘 Scooter Rider Looking for: ⚪️ A Relationship ⚪️ Casual Scooter Chick 🔘 Serious Scooter Chick
180424 Jin’s Tweet Seokjini Trans cr; Denise @ bts-trans © TAKE OUT WITH FULL CREDITS
That's on cool Amanda 🙂👍🏻All us fans have our own individual wants/needs n likes 🙂But the…
😱 thank you so much
Wooosday 😎
Practice make perfect! 😂😂😂😂
LEMONADE CRAZE ✨
Took a walk down the aisle today, but there was no groom...🤷🏽‍♀️ less baggage for me
But... is there another shoe 👀
they really look miserable but if you ain’t babysitting this way you ain’t doing it right😂
Decided to make a carrot and walnut cake 😁🍰🍴
A “goodbye”is never painful .... Unless you’re never going to say “hello” again💔💔
Jeon 🌠Jungkook 🌟
wow... does this means you actually didnt love me all this time 😢
Such Savagery is worth immortalizing... 😁😂😂
If I block you and you don’t find another way to contact me .. you not for me ✌🏼
Together forever ♥️
but remember im a fat whale and should kill myself 🙂
Bee sexy grils ass 😉🍑🐝
😂👏🏾 good one! Buuuuut one day when you have babies Allison you’ll understand the power of skin to skin
The performer announcements this week. 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I'm lovin', I'm livin', I'm pickin it up!  💧|
BBMA voting is fast approaching 😄 Are you ready to dominate once again twitter world ? - The best fandom in universe i…
My little boy Hugo in his mykbymyleene. Our own little domino 👌🏻
1.🐻FAV this 2.🍯Follow all who FAV 3.🐻Comment “ifb” 4.🍯Mbf me + GTXS7 HOMEL3ND…
It was no exaggeration!! 😂
RT: Summer Camp       🕰️ 🌞
Black Teen Monique Symone Takes White Dick 👉 👈 best romantic teenage 3gp sex videos girl…
white girl on the tl: I’m so happy to announce i’m 18 years old, married, 💍financially stable, in shape, with twins on the…
I cannot thank you all enough for sending so much love to me. It really means a lot! Deeply grateful 🙂 …
Never back down 🏆🙏🏻 →  +  (
Just accidentally recorded My cat dropping my damn laptop and it looks hilarious 😂😂😂😂😂😂
There are many choices to out HyTronic electronic faucets: 6 styles, 3 power sources and our exclusive Commander™ r…
hays showing na bukas still no money prin kaya hays no FB , no Twitter at no Youtube pra iwas Spoilers 😌😌😌
handsdown!!! H has been the best Emmy Reel!!! ❤️❤️❤️
SeeYou tomorrow dear friends!!❤💋 Nite🌠🌜 Nite🌠🌜
TWITTA DO YA THANG‼️‼️‼️
Creative artworks by ©Michael Stanford
Yup on his way to game 🔥🔥 📸 Michael Rubin
OOOOH! I'm feelin it!!!! YES! It's time!⏰Bugsy's First  Let's get this going before o'clock! ⏱️ You know…
That's crazy! Don't push yourself too much... 😮 Good thing your classmates helped, though!
"You became a household name" says T.I. to Meek Mill in a phone conversation with him following his release! 🙌💯
Gain 400 follows in 10 mins🔥 👉RT fast 👉Like 👉Follow All Who RT &amp; Like…
“Nigga you better pick up 5, use your back too bitch” 😂😂😂
😂Cam some one Send the Step down malume vid to me via WhatsApp?😂😂🔥💦
a no would have sufficed but instead I got subtweeted. 😞
Sehun’s birthday ad in MOA thank you very much ❤️❤️❤️
It really be times like this .. 😪
Congrats nigga 🎊.
I’m finna roll up , Zee out of luck 😂
We’ll be back on May 23 at RSVP here: 👑🇬🇧👑🇺🇸👑  📸: https://…
Really so........😉❤️😍😘😘😘cute
Mood everyday 🙃
To me, you're perfect. ❤
Democrat vs Republican last 50 yrs Jobs 42M🔵 24M🔴 Stock Market +992%🔵 +105%🔴 GDP 4.1%🔵 2.6%🔴 Income growth 2.2%🔵 0.6…
I hate when people ask me how I can be so happy all the time but little do they know I’m dying inside 🤷🏽‍♀️
🚨 has just been announced to speak at the NRA-ILA Leadership Forum on May 4 in Dallas, Texas during
⚔️⚔️ GAIN FOLLOWERS NOW ⚔️⚔️ 1⃣LIKE IT HARD AND FAST ! 🤪 2⃣FOLLOW all that LIKE &amp; RETWEET IT 🌈 3⃣FOLLOW back all that…
Reading right now!! ❤
📸 | at the 2018 TIME 100 Gala in NYC today 🇺🇸
Haven't we all.... 🙃
GAME DAY! Imagine 4 straight home wins 👀👀 PS - Love to see this man start tonight.
Everybody slept on Oladipo too you see what he doing on his own team 🤷🏾‍♂️
OmiseGO $OMG price: $16.54 Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked! 🤑 😊 ➡️ …
a princess 👑
Just accidentally recorded My cat dropping my damn laptop and it looks hilarious 😂😂😂😂😂😂
OMGGGGG YG FMILY WORLD TOUR Second half this year!! จะจัดครึ่งปีหลัง?? 😱😱😱
Belfast 🙏🏻
KARMA too fucking SLOW for me 🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️ I need my lick back rn bitch !! 🏌🏽‍♀️or imma start doing the sht MYSELF
Sick moves!  🕺💃🕺💃 (IG: emarquillas)
He thinks the long over coat makes him look slimmer and taller, you know how he is about the size of his THINGS ! 🙄😝😂😂😂😂
My best ever... 😁
Bath/Wine time 😌🍷🛁
🇧🇷 Roberto Firmino has now scored 5⃣0⃣ goals for Liverpool in all competitions. ⚽️⚽️
Niggas luv getting they dick sucked but say they don't eat pussy 😂 yeah ok
You texted me ‼️‼️ I never texted you .
Gears Fight Night returns TOMORROW, with: NA 2K Finals: 🇺🇸 vs. 🇺🇸 LATAM 2K Finals: 🇲🇽
What a feeling 💙💙💙💙 proud of everyone. COME ONNNNNN
Lol if he doesn't like it then just unfollow it's not hard 🤣
Don’t need to fake love around me 🗣 better off with less mfers around me ... matter a fact no one around me 💯
Pretty sure most of these are recycled💀
I swear 😭 like I really want my own 😂😭
Oh well 🤷🏻‍♀️
Damn I miss this🤕😢
💥 Free live sexcams, live sex shows! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ Click ••► Click ••► …
Follow everyone who retweets this🐹
I started treating people how they treat me , Now everybody's mad ‼️💁🏽
I love you sooo much 😍 I’m so happy I gave you guys those letters now
[PIC]    — FACE YOURSELF 💿 ©️takejun20522_
March might be over, but it's still chilly out there. Curl up on the couch with your favorite cup of ☕ and comfy co…
i c o n i c ™
Sorry bro its the truth. U remember Sanchez jk 😂
Spa Day 💅🏽💕🍷
These guys 😊
Awww thank uuuu cutie 😭💙💙stay happy always X
OMFG?? 😮😧😱
U misspelled “CANT LIPSYNC” 💋
CodePier — Automatic deployments for everything you build 🛠️🚀
Cherry blossoms 🌸🌸are in full bloom🌸🌸
Nahhh school sounds good 😂😅
When you hold the door open for someone and they don’t say thank you 😐 pet hate!
[⚠️] Great job, ARMY! We’re now  but our lead is SMALL! ✅  ✅  ✅ Let’s WIDEN THE G…
ya allah kasi lah instagram ada mute function for posts because i cant unfollow some people bcs we're friends 😩
Every Mexican party has that tent 😂
i lov u my fav soft baekhyun crackhead 😪😔👊🏼👊🏼 — thanks😻 im just gonna ignore the last word
Thank you, 💚 ALDUB MAGNOLIASUMMER
One day imma meet you proper 🙏
Wasted Times 💯🔥✊🏾
remember that one time that was a rude coach and made us do lots of things 🙄 lmao
[GIVEAWAY | PH ONLY] In celebration of EXO’s 6th Anniversary, I will be giving away two (2) bundles from my sticker sale. 🖤…
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this🌵✅
💰6h 4x 20$ Coins Giveaway!💰 ✅ Retweet ✅ Follow us ✅ Reply with 2⃣nd, 3rd and Last character of your " Orde…
[CORRECT WAY TO LIVE VOTE FOR MONSTA X] Send your SMS NOW!! 🔹 Send SMS "Jealousy" to +821119 / 00821119 🔹 Free: Send SMS Jealo…
We are back from our  !👋
I couldn’t talk to girls even if my life depended on it 😂🙃
👀👏🔥😱 SIMPLY SENSATIONAL FROM RONALDO! This bicycle kick could be goal of the season.
Take a bow, Cristiano Ronaldo! 😱😱😱
[🎉] BTS FACE YOURSELF [w/ DVD, Limited Edition / Type B] GIVEAWAY! Rules ↓ • RT to enter • Must be following me • Turn…
BellaNaijarians, let's do this! 💪🏾 Send a message to to find out how you can partner to help girls in Borno get…
wHITE GIRL SLAY- ASGAHAAIJAKSBSNAL HELP™️
So Much In Love?? then this song is for you 🎶💕  Full Video Song From  …
Thnx man.😀😀😀
I mean hope world mixtape bot the song btw Its good for my sleep😀
ORVILLE REDENBACHER..young nigga popping!! 🍿🔥🍿🔥🍿🔥
That could work 😊
Morning 😘😘How is your day in Ireland??
1 Mention, 43 Likes, 5 Retweets, 8.97K Retweet Reach. See yours with…
A woman who epitomized how the power of a woman's love, intelligence and vision can change a culture. RIP Winnie Mandela ❤…
I bought an ultimate collection of spiderman once and it was 4 issues. I was like 🤔
I gets up playing😂😂
The punch was so sharp it turned him into Bobby Shmurda 😂😂
🤔Stop! Meuller can see your tweets. 😂😜
Another one! 💨
Please send me this playlist 😩💕
RT If GOD Is On Your Side 👌😊💙🙏😇👌😊💙 😊💙🙏😇👌😊💙 💙🙏😇👌😊💙 🙏😇👌😊💙 😇👌😊💙 👌😊💙 😊💙 💙 He Saw You Scroll
Maybe you should go all in 😂😂
RONALDOOOOO! AGAIN! He gets his second of the night on a BEAUTIFUL bicycle kick! 😱
Witch hunt 😂😂😂😂. Dude just got 30 days in the hole from Mueller’s “witch hunt”. 😂😂😂😂. Your…
I don’t mess with, talk to, check on, talk about, no other man than mine 💯🤞🏻when I am with somebody, that’s all I see in front of me 💯💪🏻💚😘
Whole time you wondering why are they so triggered and asking if they've asked themselves the same...😂
Simply; 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
You're paying 90k for your child's school fees and you hear him saying "capital letter 5, small letter 5"😂 …
Niggas be stealing tweets and thinking they gone get away with it 😕
Work with your files inside Dropbox or Google Drive and create a new copy of the files every major revision. 😁
I shed a tear or 2 every single time this episode comes on! Can’t help it🤷🏾‍♂️. I’ve had that same feeling my whole life.
Playing D3 has been the best decision of my life.  ⚾️
tae’s making of jacket shoot 💜
When you follow twitter Standards 😂😃😄😅😆
Love ‘Outro, crack’ track so much, it’s very jazzy, house, lounge and kind of answer from cloud ☁️ when airplane asks
Every album g herbo every dropped 😌
HI WE'RE DOING A TAKEOVER ON THE INSTAGRAM TOMORROW BECAUSE PEOPLE STILL LET US DO THOSE FOR NOW ⭐️🍑🗽🐞🌺🌑🎁🇺🇸
Anotha one 💯
ARMYs, WE NEED YOUR HELP! 🙏 We can win this for right?
Bless you my child bless you🤸🏼‍♂️🙏💃
AMERICA we're GETTING to that point: DEMOCRACY or dictatorship? YOU CHOOSE. 💙🇺🇸💙🦋👊
Are we going to see Yokai Watch 3 for 3DS sometime soon for USA??? 👻
rt this to gain jungkook stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🙏🏼
became the first  group to reach 1 million  Get the deets on 💙🎉🍾 …
BG I ain’t playing all 2k18 🤣🤣🤣
Catch my self doing this too much 🤦🏾‍♂️
RETWEET🔁 This Tweet To Gain Followers❤ &amp; FOLLOW 👇👇 👇👇👇👇
dave_cactus 100 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 100 people.
I don’t trip off no nigga. All I gotta do is reply &amp; BOOM new nigga 🤷🏽‍♀️
This letter was originally addressed to me 😂
Let’s see if this fredericks is any good ⚒
Throwback to this legendary goalkeeper 🤪😅
Lmao Good ol Lubbock 😭
jungkook wrote the chorus of "let go", "don't leave me" and "crystal snow", i'm so proud i bet he worked so hard ©peachcrush…
92k views 👇  Alam Na This by Kisses Delavin
Cravings 😁😁😁😁
thanks for following 🐱
TOP TEN : No specific order    🍊
When people tell you to stand up for yourself but the moment you do everyone just thinks you’re defensive and take things personally. 🙃
Dancing my way into Tuesday like... 🔥 |
Prince  from  ✨✨🥑👄🥑✨✨
lets talk about this profile👀
Right back at ya, skank 🖕🖕🖕
We used to talk what happened?😥 — Please DM
☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆ 🔥☆ ҉͜ ☆ ҉͜ 🔥 &gt; Visit her website here! 💯🔝 ☞ ht…
you are my star,I love you so much really 🖤.
So far what's your favorite track on  I'm really loving Don't Leave me! - 🙌🏽
I just wanna go home to a hot ass shower &amp; go to sleepp 😣😫
Cos you're precious like a jewel 💎💎💎 Happy Birthday Hyukjae !!! ❤❤❤  😘
I’ll let her know 😭
This boy is a dummy 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🐼
2M TWEETS!! 🤗
It's legit lit 👌🔥👌
I shed a tear or 2 every single time this episode comes on! Can’t help it🤷🏾‍♂️. I’ve had that same feeling my whole life.
YALLLLL THAT AINT PAD THAI, THAT LOOKS LIKE A PLATE OF SPAGETTII WITH NO TOMATO SAUCE smh 😤
Kurough 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Catch all the action from the  only on   🦁💛
somebody said his ear upside down and i just cant unsee it 😭😭😭
Use vines to communicate 😂
Procrastinating on a monday morning 🤧🤧🤧🤧🤧🤧
Wow that's fast, the motivation from  😍 perhaps we have new ahgases flocking in too👏👏👏
All 8 cylinders working. She’s back to full health!! 😁
SHOW ME YOUR ARMY SPIRIT! 🔥
Follow the Brits in action around the 🌍 as &amp; do battle in Charleston 👉 …
Oh Oh 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬 This is not good for  Rasmussen Polls: Trump Approval - 50% (April 2, 2018) Obama Approv…
RT: Comfort Inn comfortinn  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
That’s changmin for you 😂
DIFUNDIR!!!!!!🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼‼️⚠️
These guys 😊
Nicole had to quit ✌🏾👋🏾 bye girl get a good seat on the plane
MATHEW RAISES THE BAR-ZAL AGAIN!!!!!
If you take a Friend on a Baecation is it still considered a Baecation or Friendcation or jus a regular Vacation?? Asking for my brother😎
It’s  Tuesday!! RETWEET if you’re totally watching!! ❤️
I thought we were getting a tug of war battle over the US title. 😔
Hey,  fans! 😮
“Why you yellin” 🗣😂😂😂😭
Bitch ion get left Ima leaver👉🏼
Only 130 days until the beginning of recruitment! 💜
Logic Gate😂
34K tweets in 1 Hour 👌👌
☀️ Lightstick Giveaway ☀️   ▪️ Worldwide ▪️ Ends June 15th ▪️ RT / Like to enter ▪️ Must be following ▪️ 1 Winner will rec…
Nice 👍🏻
@ 12 AM KST we will be trending the hashtag⤵️  Show lots of love and support once the album is o…
I shed a tear or 2 every single time this episode comes on! Can’t help it🤷🏾‍♂️. I’ve had that same feeling my whole life.
I’m weak 😂
I really thought this situation was over... guess not 😕😕😕😕
Oh, heck! 😅 Which version? Is he staying the night with you?
Follow everyone that likes and retweets this 🎮👾
we was super obsessed😭
Someone said he wonders if short people have long term goals 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Last five years in the Champions League: Lionel Messi has 10 assists Cristiano Ronaldo has 19 assists 🗣 "But Ronaldo is a tap…
“idgaf if i ht the gate.. i want a dirtbike, with no brakes” 😭😭😭
Good night! ✌🏻
LivePhive💩 only 💪🏽🤧
RT if you believe Cristiano Ronaldo is the 🐐
Ronaldo’s goal!😱
So came on our show in a towel last night... 🤣
Digital sales ✅ Streams: loading... We're gonna need a lot of streams in order to chart on Billboard 100.
UNBELIEVABLE!!! RONALDO WITH A BICYCLE KICK SECOND GOAL FOR REAL MADRID!!! 😱😱😱 🚲🚲🚲
Sleep is overrated. The fun that could be has is not!😏😈
We are  All patriots welcome!  😎
All said 👊🏾 Good win team 🙏🏾
HOLY FUCK THIS MATCH🔥
follback please? Let's be mutual❤
So babe is doing chicken an chips tonight 😍😗
A tru vision of a king I fuck wit 💯🔥🗣
Let me hop on this real quick🤷🏽‍♂️
🗣Let me rap my weave up in the trap Mona Lisa
There is never any fights at my school, and when there is people really gotta do this😂😂😂
You look amazing! I love youuu 😘
I ❤️ PLATFORMS 🤗 xjesyx
😂 Tracy McGrady’s reaction to Scottie Pippen’s reaction to Isiah Thomas picking LeBron over Michael Jordan! …
‼️ARMYS BTS SCHEDULE‼️ This is BTS current schedule from April - August If there are any further changes such as new eve…
Is it not annoying anyone else? After each ad break I’m hoping it’s been sorted out but alas no 🤦🏼‍♀️ Actually look…
She’ll let you cum on her face 💦 Message her on 👉
🌷 by has trended worldwide for 7 hours and surpassed a total of 3M+ Tweets &amp; RTs since. Here's how it…
How to get stabbed by your co-workers. 😂
Your screensaver today is the beautiful and super sexy Michaela....one of my fave dream gfs💖💓❤🔥🌞🤗🌹👀😻☄👅💋 …
[PHOTO] 180407 smtown's IG Updated with  : 📸      tallest building in the wo…
My precious EXO boys ❤❤ Minseok's smile made my day 😍
Hope your  is better than espresso in this  throwback. ☕️ …
𝒸𝑜𝓂𝑒 𝒶𝓃𝒹 𝓉𝒶𝓀𝑒 𝒶 𝓁𝑜𝑜𝓀 𝒶𝓉 𝓂𝓎 𝓌𝑒𝒷𝓈𝒾𝓉𝑒 𝒶𝓃𝒹 𝒷𝓁𝑜𝑔𝓈 𝓁𝒶𝓉𝑒𝓈𝓉 𝓊𝓅𝒹𝒶𝓉𝑒𝓈.... 💗🌸🎀💭✨ 𝒹𝑜𝓃𝓉 𝒻𝑜𝓇𝑔𝑒𝓉 𝓉𝑜 𝓈𝓊𝒷𝓈𝒸𝓇𝒾𝒷𝑒
JAHDHSHS IM SORRY I DIDNT NOTICE 😔
WE DID IT!!! Couldn’t have reached our goal without all of you❤️
finna drop some shit i’m bored who ready favorite and rt 🗡🔺
Congratulations to all the graduates and completers! 😘😘😘
This that weather Yvette was crying in the car in 😂
aw thank you 💕
EXO MONSTER MV got 188M views 🎉🎉🎉 come on guys just 12M views to reach 20OM. Don't give up. You can stream while: 🌱show…
😂😂 smh. Ended with sloppy at 47%
And that special is  which is where it’s AT! We coming...LOOK OUT! 🔶🔷🏈😤😎
That 🍑🍑🍑👅
🚨🚨🚨 KPOP EXPLOSION 🚨🚨🚨 😭‼️‼️👉 {Keep Voting} 👈 ‼️‼️😭 🔒 1000 RT ! 🏆...... 🏃‍♀️ 🔒 250 Replies ! 🏆 ..... 🏃‍♀️ (BTS DNA…
Check Your Tailored Trends Guys..,Our Tag is Still Trending TOP With 500K+ Tweets..🔥 IDOL AJITH BIRTHDAY IN 24D
If you don’t watch Gotham you’re missing out for real 🤤
USA bombed a Quran graduation ceremony for children in Afghanistan 🇦🇫 yesterday, killing more than 140 children thinki…
I'm glad that you &amp; me are "US"      ❤❤❤❤ …
[ARMY GOALS] 🇯🇵RIAJ: Face Yourself to x2 Plats 🇰🇷Gaon: Wings/YNWA to 1M 🌎Spotify: MDR to 100M 🌎Youtube: Dope/BST to 300M,…
I look like I’m about to fly off 😂😂🤣😂this dress I look hideous sisi
The Budapest airport doesn’t want my 2 weeks of backpacking to end. 🙃
rt this to gain jungkook stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back😊
Bar timmmme🤘🏼
YYYYEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS    ➡️  | …
i had to delete that tweet cause it had a typo 🙄
1.  🚨 April 4/5, 2108 Open this thread for Q's posts and analysis. Let's get started! Post 1029- Q team forced a…
this girl looks like a thicker version of you 😂 😂
God’s Plan 🙏🏻
HOW CUTEEE😳
on repeat alllll day and night cuz 🔥🔥🔥🔥 did that y’all 😭😭😭
Bro who’s kid wus this😂💀
Okay but why are these girls talking about me like they know me😂 deadass have never spoken to them ONCE in my life.
Disney don’t sue me.... Beauty &amp; The Beast sample 👀👀🔥🔥🔥
I just wondering... Hmmm...🤔🤔🤔 So much "Maybe...".
We been ready🤝
😂 this made my night
ill smack the shit outta somebody w those big ass cards lmaooo those will def start at fight at game night 😂😂😂 https://…
Guys I’m thinking of raffling off a date with me. Would wants to meet me? ❤️❤️❤️
Gameday 😎
I wonder what did mean lol😻
🚨🚨🚨 KPOP EXPLOSION 🚨🚨🚨 😭‼️👉 {Keep Voting} 👈 ‼️😭 🔒 1500 RT ! 🏆...... 🏃‍♀️ 🔒 333 Replies ! 🏆 ..... 🏃‍♀️ [
Juniors gradings today - Alfie and Martha - well done both 👍👍
⏳15 MINUTES At Exact 00:00AM KST, We Will Start Using  My Heart Is Screaming Right Now In The Middle Of…
💜💙❤️💛 I found it! 💛❤️💙💜   …
【180325 Fan Party】 💫SHINHWA KEEP SHINING ON💫 【Plz take with the full credit and don't modify the logo. THX】
Cry an ocean but don't drown in it 😊
Good-bye 🕌
them empanadas i had last night were sooooo damn good 🤤
Yea, new.. 😂
Sharing with you a part of the video for EXO’s 6th Anniversary that was played at Eastwood, MNL earlier ❤️❤️
Ten from hyoyeon’s instagram story 😊
is so phenomenal 🔥♥️😍
RQS vs. regional score OU 1↔️1 UF 5⬆️2 LSU 2↘️3 UCLA 3↘️4 NU 11⬆️5 Utah 4↘️6 Bama 6↗️7 UK 12⬆️8 Ark 10↗️9 Cal 9↘️10…
I’m impatient so here are my pictures with Kyungsoo Chanyeol Baekhyun and Sehun 💕💕💕
D A E B A K ❤✨🎉🎊 Cherries are amazing 👏👏👏
The only real way to eat 👌
my mind be talking 😂
🔊Pls ชีวิตใหม่ 100% 👉🏻
The freaking vibe right now !!! 😩😩♈️♈️😏😏
10/10 recommend go seeing  !!! True definition of a thriller 👏🏾👏🏾
Jane the Virgin just did THAT 🤭
🚨NEW VIDEO ALERT 🚨 YALL GO AND CHECK IT OUT PLEASE
EXO in the subway of Buenos Aires Argentina. Congratulations Exo-l 🇦🇷    ht…
It legit was right after I said he followed me, then book “Corey Scherer uploaded” I was like 😱
Try with a coconut ❤️
follow everyone who rts this to gain bts stan mutuals 🐢 turn on my notifications so you can gain more bts mutuals
Flash back 😉 👑🐝❤
You ain’t really from the South if you ain’t atleast tried this! 🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️
He hasn't changed at all❤
Yixing insta update!😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
WTF WHO THE HELL IS GOING TO BUY SIA 😟😟😟😟
Browse through all our Live Naughty 18-19 Girls 💚😲
Food then baybrook i guess 🤷🏽‍♂️
defak my eyes 😫
SUPERSTAR ra... 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
❤️Jonghyun Birthday Giveaway❤️ Open till 8 Apr, 2359KST. Just reply to this tweet with a message of “What Jonghyun means to…
Y'all peep how cuz reached for the strap at 00:45 💀💀💀
omg I need him 😍 📹: rbynmrphyy
Just finished listening Cardi's album and DAMN 😊
Opssst happy long weekends.. 👽👌🏻
Thank you! 👌
BTS👑 another BEATLES in 21C
happy friyay!!!! ✨🍓✨here's what's  for 4.6, starring
RT THIS IF YOU KNOW WHERE KYUNGSOO IS. 😂😂
With Catalina Lopez 😈 ▶️ ◀️
CHANBAEK ARE AT IT AGAIN! God, I missed their playful punches!!! ❤
it's been awhile since i've heard the greetings 😭
1500 RETWEETS 📢
Daily Reminder: Keep tagging together with your voting tags in your tweets and replies! 💜
180407 1ST HIGHLIGHT FANMEETING [HIGHLIGHT SHOW] :: 준형아❤️
RIH WAS SO CUTE WHEN I ASKED HER IF SHE REMEMBERED ME😍
"If GOD gives you the burden, GOD will give you the strength." ---St. Josemaria Escriva 🌿
Y’all pull up on fam don’t wanna miss out 😤
My mom would love to..... Nvm... Come and retweet. Hater. 😒😒
About time! ☀️
Cause It’s A Promise 👏🏽
I liked a video 10 Amazing Barbie Hair Transformations 💚 Stunning Makeover Transformation of
Chanyeol was sitting on the same sofa and he was fidgeting with his arm. We mentioned his exo-l tattoo and he showed us 😍 ht…
yixing 2014 birthday where the members come to suprise him with a cake 💕 CHEN: its lay hyung birthday so we prepared a cake!…
My Hero Academia Season 3's NEW ANTHEM!! "ODD FUTURE" by UVERworld 🔥
Great win today👏🏻 well done lads and thanks to everyone for the support! We keep going 🔶
My week on Twitter: 10 New Followers, 11 Replies, 7 Retweets &amp; 1 Likes - Tweet ❤️ via
😬.. okay this what we NOT finna do.
[ 2:00 AM - 3:00 AM KST ] 1. - 226.5K+ 🔥!!!!!! 2. - 174.8K+ ➡CONTINUE VOTING &amp; INCREASING…
bruh my lil cousin only 8 years old and his mom found this on his phone 😂😂😂
You females been hanging around niggas TOO much that yall starting to move like em 😩 lil bitch bought me some to eat, smo…
🎹 First Original duet 🎸 With Hope you guys enjoy 🎵
459 feet. 👀
Thank youuuu ❤️❤️
👍🏻 Follow ME and everyone who likes this 👨🏼‍🏭
Rest In Peace Big L. 🙏
Who is that. I don't recognise her. 😛😛😛😛😛😛😛
One of my favorite scenes from Girl's Trip 😂
If you block him and he call from another number that nigga love you 😂😂😂
Everything GUCCI😎❤️
youll be alright without a date. still gonna look good. make me proud 💕
Me, Sez, Jess, Dad an hoosis all skwashed on da sofa 🐾🐕🐕🐕👨🏻‍💻👭
This is still one of the funniest videos ever. She was equally tired and lit 😭
Dinner with my nephew Kevin and angelacas2012 her husband Phil and their daughter Sofia 🍕
Haven't danced since I graduated high school but you know I had to  for the W-Gang 🤣🤣
AGAIN? 😳 (via
Drop a meme that describes your bank account😟 Me:
Payporte petty af!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂... ....They done slapped this on us huh?😂😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥
Thank you Tereza. 😊 Happy weekend everyone. Have…
Ahhhh wanna go to Le Cafe ts mg try sailang Oreo Milkshake overloadddd😭😭
Lately God has been showing me how ppl really feel abt you🤷🏽‍♀️
So much new music this month I can't handle it 😍
Guess who just got a promotion?! 🤗 You may congratulate me in cash form 💸
Another evidence-based Soros claim? Yup, thought not 🤡
Blessing your tl with Namjin 💞 |   |
🐾 🐰 🐾Follow me🐰
This😍😍
im crying kyungsoo cant take off his eyes from the water fountain yes son just watch them as much as u want😭😭😭😭😭
Lmao my Biffle woke me up to some funny shit . i love her 😩😂
THAILAND ARMYS!! 🇹🇭   🔥
What I tell y’all man🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️ Lls
I’m Wonho 😌
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 easy peasy... Each straight line is 180... Adjacent angles.
Use👏stronger👏verbs👏
Me &amp; LD last night in Philly 🏈
When I’m texting you or on the phone people think it’s my mum 😂
Chelsea fans still get gassed whenever RLC starts for Palace 😭😭😭 he’s woeful
We Stand With Kapil Sharma ❤
6 emojis that best describes me 👓🎄🏰🎬🐈🎈
you got the wrong car la auntie 😂
📋  [PH GO] 🌸SVT &amp; The Saem Collaboration Suncream ☄ 645 + local sf 📆 DOO: April 20 💸 DOP: April 25 ✉ ETA…
I made it mom 😭😂💕
nobody else meeting my momma 😂
Black Panther just passed Titanic and is now the third highest grossing film of all time in the U.S. 🙅🏾‍♀️🙅🏿‍♂️ https://t.…
Cracks 😍
ARMY! Are you listening to new song ''Don't Leave Me''? 🎶 If you are on Desktop or using Spotify Premium, pl…
Today, we are all Broncos.  💚💛
I need grinders 😴
BTS 💗 ARMY
180406 "CHAIN" Japan Debut Showcase in Osaka ©lovebeat
Goals ✔ inside 15 mins We need corners now Come on give us corners CornerDance💃💃💃💃
Lets stay in this dream 🌸
a must read – make sure you take a bathroom break first 😂
Ryan &amp; I are going to the Cubs game monday!!! 😍😭😭
Is  a sneak peek at what the  can expect from next album? 🤔
Hpy 6th year anniversary EXO😍
You like? 😁
"Everyone can see my pussy" Remember when Ariana just-....😂😂
180407 || What time is it?...⌚️
I love you a million times 💕🌼🧡💜 YOU are the sweetest and most beautiful person inside and out. Thank you Ado…
Reasons I take a long time in the bathroom. 🤷🏽‍♀️
| Harry on the B-Stage tonight!  April 7, 2018 • ©️ …
Let's get him 700 👇
Giving It Forward 💎 🌸 Nathaly Cherie 🌸 Website : 💻 Photos : 4-10 📷 HD 🔞
😂 somebody said the blunt saying “bet you can’t pull me”
🎎 soo bomb
THIS VOICEOVER GOT ME WEAK 😂😂
Miranda had weed cookies too? 😂
“ and then you add em.... yep, you got it.. On BD” 😂😂😂😂
enjoy Australia!! Tell them we miss them all ❤️🙏🏼💎
01.01 (+ 🐹🌻) Sleep tight honey🌙💤
I'd be lion if I said my hair isn't always this wild 🦁😜
R U INABGODDIDLEYTOTALFUCKINDAMNSOLUTEDEFINATE GOD DIDLEY DAMN FUCKIN KIDDING ME🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥…
Who tf is mca? Never even heard of this god damn school dawg 😂
How is that possible?! 😲
What a great prize very generous followed and RT’D  🤞😀🤞
📹: chippie_gummy
Open for a surprise 💫
this is how the world's map sounds on piano 👀
Loving this selfie took the other day 😍 if you're not following her, check out her Instagram and Y…
Follow everyone who likes &amp; Retweets this🍐
just met with my lakeland couselor and she told me that im definitely going to graduate with two associates degrees spring 2020🙌🙌🙌🙌
Open for a surprise 💫
we still blow weed together, cheated on her but we still gone be together🤞🏽💙
It’s Kefir, clearly 🙄
Exclusive preview of Erick Willis’ album that’s dropping tonight 😊👍🏽
SORRY I HAD TO...let's suffer together😂😅
Haha I don't trust words anymore, I only trust action bc people nowadays can pretend to do a lot without being serious about it 😊
RT: Corcoran Brewing CorcoranBrew  🍺🍻🍽 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Badly want iced coffee 😩😩
what about your green underwear which is always visible &gt;&gt; ?🤔
📦THE AIRDROP HAS LANDED📦 In support of Gamers Outreach programs, we're giving away a specially designed gaming PC from…
The Giallorossi's 'King of Rome' 💛❤️    ⏰🔄
Avocado Is amazing 🥑 💕
The one and only
What a pos 💩!!! Wish he'd go away 🎃
Well, that's a good plan. 😂
Then the conversation took a turn for the worse (hard to imagine!). Trump whined that  an APOLOGY from Bi…
Granny probably thinks it's magic or witchcraft 😂😄😆😅
⚠  ⚠ [ 5:00 - 6:00 PM KST ] 1. : 69.5K+ 🚨 2. G. : 62.5K+ Please use the MTVLA tag…
Amazing prostate massage (with cum) 👉 👈 spyhandjobs amateur www amazingindiangirls com f…
Hate that I’m working in this weather 😩☀️
BT21 glows the night in Hong Kong      🗺️ Address: Shop C31 &amp; 33, Concourse Level,…
Dead 😂
It looks like a critical decision too. 😀
💗 One week to go! 💗 A week today is our new Heart Space event! Thursday 26th April, 6.00-7.15pm, Cobo Community Ce…
Thank you 💖📚🤓
no bitch can ever say they bitched me NO 🧢
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
Mind on millions 💯
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight 🙃
Everyone needs to be aware of this special day 😂
🚨WANT FOLLOWERS FAST?🚨 1👑FOLLOW ME &amp; ALL WHO RT 2👑RETWEET ♻️👫👫♻️💯 3👑GAIN WITH ⚜️  ⚜️ 4👑FOLLOW 💯 💯 5👑DRIV…
I woke up this morning EXCITED thinking today was tomorrow 😂
Today is  🔴
AZ teachers call Doug Ducey's bluff &amp; vote's to strike. 🔹Ducey’s shell-game is fiscally irresponsible 🔹Not a comprehen…
Happiness and Positivity 🌻
Haha! Ah, man! This is GIF is cold 😂😂😂😂😂
Sweet money 😍😍😍
Shit, you just jealous cause you can’t win😘
I liked a video OnePlus 5T Review After 6 Month USE 🔥कैसा है ?
🤔🤔🤔 I sure hope so.
1 RT = 1 VOTE 1 REPLY = 1 VOTE We can still catch up if you believe in yourself! Let's go! 🌼 RETWEET this now!
Follow everyone who retweets this🌊
🔥🔥🔥 " FORTE DHANUSH BIRTHDAY IN 100D " " FORTE DHANUSH BIRTHDAY IN 100D " " FORTE…
Draw my avi 😂😂
k9_jester
Congratulations and ARMY! "Dope" MV on YouTube just reached 3M likes! 🎉🎊 The MV is also less than 5M views awa…
BT21 glows the night in Hong Kong      🗺️ Address: Shop C31 &amp; 33, Concourse Level,…
WTF did I just witness 😱😱😱😂😂😂😂😂🙆🏽‍♀️🙆🏽‍♀️
“So who you trynna look cute for 🙄” 😂😂
Part of the diet 🙏🏼
I guess we gotta have one last Fitz and Live scene 🙄lol
LMFAOO SEE CRAZE 😂
Paul's brother 😭🇯🇵
COULDNT BE ME BAAAAYBE 😅😂😂
🎵   🎵 Daily Challenge - Post a song every day for 100 days from yo…
If you show me you don’t give a shit, I’ll show you I’m better at it. 🤷🏼‍♀️
Pelicans are absolutely on 🔥 🔥🔥  ... finish the second half strong and we’ll command the series
remember that time when mark used to slept with coco on jinyoung’s bed... jinyoung is not happy about it lol 😂
Have I told you lately that you're my favorite place to shop? ❤️❤️❤️
🚨Phandom!!! the Demons in a moshpit groupchat needs your help!🚨 Our friend Cassy needs help getting to LA…
After another gorgeous clear day, there is no better place to watch the sunset over London than from level 52 📷…
Follow everyone who retweet and like this🍷✅
tired of talking.. imma show me a bitch 🤫🤗😭😭
"Help  Live!"❤️ Loving, beautiful 4yo boy fighting back against  💚 🐾
I am putting Bhenga Dnace on the map🔥🔥🔥they should know!!!!!!!🤫🤫🤫I went to visit Old Mill High School to remind them abou…
Life is not all about pressing phone 😒😒
can’t wait to go home and get in my bed😩
Open for a surprise 💫
Planning 🔜   (
Thank you 💛
My jobs building has a new gym in it.... Why TF am I still paying for a planet fitness membership. 🤔
The most beautiful pair of eyes i've seen. I love you! 💞
congrats ate!! 😁
paradise in your eyes 💖
Im so busy as always but i'll make sure we're going to be friends forever 💜 and sure i'll make time so you'll know…
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight 🙃
CP3 sent it into orbit 🚀
TAEHYUNG SINGING ALL OF ME AND JUNGKOOK HARMONIZING TOGETHER WITH HIM??? WE NEED THE SUB-UNIT! ©tifanny_mong ♡
🔥 [ ARMY CHALLENGE pt.1 ] 🔥 Let's unlock: 🔒 1,000 retweets 🔒 500 replies In just 30 minutes! ⏰ We need to increas…
Open for a surprise 💫
1985 lyrics are 🔥
Well since we’re raiding offices now .... here’s a few real criminals you could start with 😡🤬
Ellen offered cardi b $20,000 to name her baby Ellen.... must be nice to have money to throw around like that 😂
Kyungsoo you must seize this opportunity💪🏼 You're very qualified to join lol
SNSD next goal????? Taeyeon: "Expanding our legacy to outer space" i can't believe her 😂😂😂
rest in paradise Mrs Napier💕👼🏽💔
Thank you for running with this, Victoria! 😁
Niggas can beg for pussy, but get mad when a bitch say cash app me 🤔 How sway
Open for a surprise 💫
retweet if you want to gain just follow everyone who retweets and follow back whoever follows you🐶
Ready for the next episode? 🎥
Gain 200 followers every 5 mins follow ME 🌟 retweet if you follow back turn on my notifications follow back
👩Girl: how tall are you? 👦Boy: 5’.... 👩Girl: omg your so short😭 👩*Girl commits suicide*😭 (boy visits girls grave) 👦…
8 more to go 😫
Follow everyone who LIKES this 🦋🌎🦋  🔥
🤦🏼‍♀️ Get me to England. ASAP. Side note-WTF is wrong with people? I never thought being white in America would be…
find out if you're one of our contest winners tomorrow at 2pm pst. we'll be going live😊
👍🏻💞I LOVE HOW THIS CYCLE GOES ON AS TIME GOES BY➿    EXO…
New self pub children's book author here. 😊 and I have a book called The Unicorn in a Tutu 😊
Since we see a lot of them in the streets begging instead of working 💁🏽
😂 good news, the ragin' badger has left the building Now is the time to visit
What is one thing you will never do again? — Trust in someone.😚
Watch out for  in their upcoming denim campaign. 🔜
I swear i noticed that😃
on me 👅
Y’all ever walking in the halls and see some weird ass shit and be talking to your self like “ I hate this damn school” 💀
🖤Here’s a close up of Rhoda Webb’s  for our  ‘Street Spirits’ opening on May 21st at  Tourist…
Today: New Stay You hats Tomorrow: Milestone drops everywhere y’all I’m so thankful 💛
why can’t i be happy 🤷🏼‍♀️
Where are you 👀
👹 Please please ROT IN HELL...!!!! ALL OF THEM... DISGUSTING..💩
I’m hollering 😂😂
🇺🇸 —I love you. 🇫🇷 —Je t'aime. 🇩🇪 —Ich liebe dich. 🇮🇹 —Ti amo 🇲🇽 — ¿Ya comiste?
....especially loving the phrase ending “the Daily Telegraph has learnt”! 🤣🤣🤣 Total knee slapper! Whoop holler! Whoop holler 🤣🤣😩😩😛😛
The one that won't stop my blood from flowing properly 😂
Black hair😭😭😭
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Sad to think I was living while a imaginary driver was dying 💔
⚡️ “Reese's sent a man tons of free candy, and it's a chocolatey dream 😍” by
'Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be ?' Charles Bukowski © Ulf Andersen ht…
Thank you Ava G 😊 yes yes yes!
niggas really think that the shit is that simple? i dont even know this mans real name bro 😂
😂😂 when tf am I going to be sleepy again?
I dunno dat u live with lots of pple now😂😂.. just jokin tho
Brothers feeding each other 💜 💜
Reminds her of the missing piece of innocence she lost 💓
United vs. Liverpool in Ann Arbor 🤗
# nobody has 2 know, what's behind these / 🔒 closed doors
Twitter do your thing 💪🏽
180420 ©️ faint rays
I want to do a tape with 🤷🏽‍♂️🔥
✨ choi youngjae lockscreens 👑 aesthetic - harry potter 🌈 rt if you save 💫 take a print and tag us © copyright to the righ…
prewar 🚴 commutable ,
I agree 🤧
Another BLOCKBUSTER for Mahesh Babu &amp; Koratala 👌👌👌 Super Positive Reports all over 👍 Huge Box-Office Hit on the way 👌 Con…
Prague💨
I think we all hate old heads but that old music shit ain't even half bad. Old heads can still suck my dick tho 😂
‹ the strength to revolve αgαinst the twisted love / my fαce hiding weαkness ❄ ;
Niggas can’t stand a bitch with common sense 😭... be mad asf you not stupid 😩🧐
I’m the sweetest person on the planet idk what you’re talking about 🙃
DONEY HAS ME DECEASED ❗️😭❤️❤️ I love him
prompto is supportive and patient for his fishing prince boyfriend 🐟💖📷
Stop your fronting 👅
Post Malone’s official cover art &amp; tracklist for “Beerbongs &amp; Bentleys” dropping on April 27th 🔥
That was a lot of keys and being lazy is like a daily thing for me 🤣
Comfort food ☺️
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Waaah MayWard’s Bench Denim Campaign. 😍💘 : …
Great idea!!! 😂😂❄❄
These two belong on the cover of a romance novel 💋 Your favs could never! 💦
You’re beautiful inside out!🤗❤️
I love you please understand that. 😞
💃💃 keep dancing your heart out!
My ex sent me a video of her and her new boyfriend kissing so I sent her a video of me throwing her sisters back out 😊 h…
Them: “k so I have a few questions about ur religion if thats ok 😅😅😂hope its not offensive” Me: “yeah go ahead np” Them: “…
If you FaceTime me randomly and I pick up I fwu heavy 😂
📢📢🔊🔊📣📣 You people come and see oh 👏👏👏 Cc
All New Followers 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻
Lmao!! 😭😂 She’s hip widd it 💁🏽‍♀️
Bro you going to Sul Ross......🤢
For the love of jewellery simply because it looks good on me😜. Endorsements are welcome 😁🤗😜  …
Sbr is precious and I am doing this badly 😔
I be so quick to isolate myself .. i cannot vibe with everybody 😂
CAN'T. RETWEET. THIS. ENOUGH. 🔥🔥
Vote for me to win a sex doll made exactly like me! ✨Contest starts April 2nd, 11 am EST &amp; ends April 4th at 8 pm EST…
This is absolutely amazing. This is my buddy’s son up to bat but please watch the catcher. Let’s make this guy known! 👏👏…
📢 I'm going to  !
RT, REPLY, QUOTE to VOTE: 👉  👉  👉 Help B-ARMYs vote for BTS on MTV Millennial Award…
Can take you shopping 🛒 way before i can take you serious💯‼️😌
I NEVER SAID THAT BUT ON MY WAY 😂🗣
Congratulations to who has this evening marked his 1000th senior appearance in football 🙌
I miss you boys so much😞❤
New cover at 6:00pm 🔥
💥💥CRAZY CRYPTO OFFERS💥💥 🚀CRYPTO UP TO 250% BONUS 🚀CREDIT CARD UP TO 100% BONUS 🚀PAYPAL UP TO 100% BONUS 💵MINIMUM 100 USD…
thank youuuu! God bless you sis 💖💖
😈😈🍑🍆 whit my baby //
Raise your 👍🏻 if YOU earn COMMISSION when you go to the store to buy your household items?…
My dear Friends .. 🌹🌹 Wish you a happy weekend. God bless you .. 🌹🌹 Be happy throughout your life.
I depend on god🙏🏽
i listen to music more than i listen to my own mama 😭💯
i remember my FIRST heartbreak 😂 y’all a bitch was SICKKKKKKK😂😂
Summer 👏🏻 Should 👏🏻 Be 👏🏻 Fun 👏🏻 .. &amp; it was! Cheers &amp; thanks  🍾
Watching nas on Netflix and drinking wine 🍷 😍❤️
Harry Styles Liam Payne Ariana Grande Gigi Hadid (NOTIFICACIONES ACTIVAS SS) Mrs Park❤️
goodmorning 🦋
start requesting money from random dudes that wanna creep to stop them from bothering you ever again 😇
You too Karol. Right now⬇️
The official trailer 😍
Good morning people! Hope you all have a great week ahead 😇    h…
✋🏽 years.
My handsome boy showed up with 3 flowers, 1 for me, 1 for my sister, and 1 for my momma🤩 What. A. man. I love you Julian…
FACE YOURSELF Japanese album by will be released on 4/4 00:00 JST not only Japan 🇯🇵 but also worldwide 🌎 at the sam…
It’s a whole ass Thunderstorm outside and my cousin think he Usher😂
Happy Easter from Syria’s liberated, terrorism-free Aleppo. 🇸🇾 ❤️
Little hunter 🌲
Progress pictures !!💪🏼 still have another 15 lbs to lose!!
💛 Like ☮️ Retweet 🗨 ️IFB
I have 3 months for my ass to get in shape for my cruise! So I guess that means I should stop eating food bc I just love to eat food 🙄🤦‍♀️
Loving is not always looking at each other, it is also walking at the same direction💙 Be home safe!
Retweet for Woo Do Hwan, tap ❤ for Yeo Jin Goo
Listening to 🌙
i’ll hit you with that “it’s cool nvm” so quick.💯🤷🏽‍♂️
WHAT IS WITH ALL THOSE TRENDING BTS HASHTAGS 😂😂😂
Changkyun facts according to Kihyun! ©IMImiMv - I.M daily goes around naked when he's at the dorm - I.M's foreign friends gave…
Last Easter vs this Easter ❤️🤰🏾
We doing it better than this!! 🌊🌊🌊🌊Issa wave!
4loko as a chaser, come thruuu 👀
The swelling on my hand is going down and that makes me v happy. Now please tattoo, start peeling bc I’m over it 🙃
WHATS WRONG WITH YOU FOOL🤣😘😁PET ME😍❤🐈😋
😂😂 accurate
Did these girlfriend's overreact? 😂😂😂😂
🙋Fancy winning a £/€25 FREE BET courtesy of 🤓Just hashtag  your Irish National selection &amp; t…
100k RTS AND LIL YACHTY WILL REMIX WITH MY TEAM!! I GOT 3 WEEKS!! ORIGINAL SONG IN BIO.. PLEASE HELP ME OUT!! 🖤🖤 …
They used EXO’s Kokobop in a Filipino show 😂
all who LIKE &amp; RETWEET this ⚖️ Stay Calm &amp; Follow On ☯️
Mam'Winnie. Feels surreal. Love, light, and strength to her family, friends, and all of us as a nation. 🙏🏾
Gosh those gorgeous eyes 🙀👀 who’s eyes does your little one have dads or moms? 📸:
I’ve been growing my booty... so more of you can kiss my ass 💋 🍑
$FLCR have you ever been in one of my 5 star plays in the beginning? No? Well just know that 1000%+ is a must💸💸…
Gorgeous 😍😍
Keep kicking ass, Kaylyn! 🤘
“He shot that from Wilmington” divencenzo with the half court shots  💙🐾
Star is really my show 😭 like it needs to hurry up and come back on
Romantic Netflix nights 💘
The MVP way. Happy Birthday, Quavo. 🎂
Just Be 🤟🏽😈🤟🏽 Great
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show 🔥Tonka〽️ontana:
Wonderful song and very close to the heart 🎶😍😍
"Its goal is to inspire more people through the stories of others." ©
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂now this is so funny...ooh kids 😂😂
On the occasion of  few of the sc/st were killed during protest.. Why few not all of those? 🤔🤔
I assume this fan is supporting pompey 🤣
How does your papa do Easter ?🐇🐥
Check the New Remix of my song "If You Feel Something" produced by my man Cosmic 🔥
Thanks blood ❤️❤️
Not 4c babe 😂😂💜
Yeah just bring him to me on Friday ☺️
They all started to die immediately 😩😂🤧
Thanks mom for all your support in life ❤️❤️
Shit I never hated my mom 🤷🏾‍♂️
Thanks for the follow👏👏
Girlfriend 🖤
Life is short, Time⏱is fast, No🎛replay, No rewind, So enjoy every moment as it comes.......😄🤩
I finally took my boyfriend to see Black Panther &amp; this is how he acting😒
bingowings14 100 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 100 people.
Yes lol... I thought she's older.... 😂
😂when you heard the gun shots and run 2 blocks ahead of your friends then look back 😂
huyyy may s3 riverdale omg 😭❤
YALL LOOK AT MY WIFE😩😩😩
Hes enjoying that 🍆🔥
KathNiel for YES! 💙 📷   …
⏬ watch ⏬
I NEED THIS TO HAPPEN 😭😭
Gogo wetthu from Bethal injured by dogs released to bite her by a white farmer 😧😭
😂😂 don’t let twitter burn your house down
Can't wait to hear what you guys have in store on  🙌
My watch just came in the mail, bout fuckin time 🙄
Awww! Thank you so much! I’ve found some of my fav books browsing AMZ. I hope you enjoy it! ☺️💕
Good night🌙
🤦🏽‍♀️ Kiara! You ain’t signed up??
Some people will never see heaven. 😕😕
▶️ 740+ SOLO WINS 🏆 1080+ TOTAL WINS! !SUB [281/300] I'M BACK BABY! !GIVEAWAY BLUE YETI + BLUE SNOWBALL!
I pledge allegiance to the Flag 🇺🇸of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation…
jesus: i’m dead 😵 12 disciples: omg 😔 jesus: lmao april fools 😂🧖🏿‍♂️ mary magdelene: girl stop playin 😭
Exactly...😂😛
Bro do you understand how mad you gotta be to do this 💀
As beautiful as the bg. 💛
Brushes 😍😍
So my sister has that Musically App &amp; I thought this was the funniest video ever 😂😂
Since joining Arsenal, Mhki and Auba have 7 goals 6 assists between them in 18 apps. Slotted right in. ⚽️🎯 …
🔥 Bayonett Doppler 🔥 Follow + Retweet Remind your friends 🏆 7 Days
Thank You Ariel♥️
girls w/ resting bitch faces lowkey be the coolest girls u’ll meet 🤷🏻‍♀️
your pic is killing me 😩
Hello Spring, Hello Seonho! 🌸 YOO SEONHO releases teaser photos for his 1st mini album [봄, 선호] https://…
this nigga 21 savage goofy as hell 😭😭
Easter 2k18 ➕🐣
When are ppl gonna learn they have to let PEOPLE OUT the elevator before getting in 🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️
2018 Winter Jam Memorial Weekend 🏀🔥 Get registered now! IG …
1)  not better, and probably never will be. I turn 50 in June and doubt I'll be alive when the damag…
GAIN 700+ FOLLOWERS EVERY 20 minutes!!! 👉🏽Retweet this 👉🏽Like this 👉🏽Follow everyone who follows you 👉🏽Follow me for a immedi…
18. Damn ma is it that serious😭
Glad I stayed home 😴
Are you Ready?🔥🔥🔥🔥 For another 100 in 10min 1.RETWEET REAL QUICK 2:Follow all Likes 3:Follow all that Retweet 4:Follow b…
i’d say we successfully fooled my dad 😂💍
"The fans were demanding something, and I gave them Zlatan." Imagine football without this guy 😂🙈
Ooo where and how did u do this??? 😲😲
Stop refreshing your notifications, no one loves you 😎
Toms pick up game was 💯
Amara La Negra is so beautiful 💖
180401 Welcome home na ka Khunnie 😘😘😘
[OFFICIAL] 180402 NCT’s IG Update TEN 〖New Heroes〗 💚       🔗…
Special Memory to 🦁🐢Part Ⅱ From My friend Fanfan 😋😋 💙💙💙I Love it very much❣️
Surprise event only for 7 days‼️ PUZZLE STAR  🎮
Make yourself look stupid nate 😍😝
$4 thrift store dress is now my dream prom dress 💁🏻‍♀️ ✂️🖤
True much😂
Burst my head man 😂 😂 😂
I 💙 someone with
Yes got it.😂😂
Rt to gain 5sos mutuals💥
Won't have my phone for the rest of the day. Ill be busy. Hmu in the morning ✌🏾
i fucking hate when you leave 🔥
We are stonger when we are together. 😂
9 Years for Prabhas billa
omfg😂😂x
My life with Ollie 😂🤣
a friend like Ice Bear pls😍❤
⚽️ FINAL (OT) : It’s over ! Greene County’s Luis Tuesta scores the golden goal 5 minutes into overtime for the 4-3 win…
Follow everyone who retweets and replies ifb 👐
Damn we almost halfway into 2018 ! 🤦🏽‍♀️
Harry trying to figure out a fan’s name is so funny oh my god 😂
hala nag audition pala si ate sa the voice kids dati 😍i didn’t know this
180325 I feel good :) 💙💙💙 Black Pink ♡
' M/V TEASER : DIRECTOR’S CUT  release 'D-1' ➡️ 2018. 04. 04 6PM(KST)
And for dogs 🐶
Wye River mornings - pic taken by terrybracks  🙏 @ Wye River
me chasin you bitch?? read it backwards. 💀
🗣️ Mauricio: "To translate that emotion to our fans is fantastic."
tell me why teenagers with babies party more than i do 🐸☕️🤔
I will be in SAN ANTONIO TX 📍 APRIL 5-7! Book your appointment because you deserve it! Attend the Wet n’ Wild Block Party…
true babe😜
Mya is so freaking cute her pictures are everything😍
my thoughts on the merch drop 😋☺️🤪
only 4 weeks of class left, i can do this 💪🏽
I did😂😍
No Lie is an underrated bop 💙💥💙💥💙💥
IF JESUS CHRIST WAS A XHOSA GUY 😂😂😂 w/ (LIKE&amp;RT)    …
Crying 😭😭😭 my baby has two bottom teeth coming through 😢 stop growing son 💔💛
Good Morning my lovely sweet muffins!💋
Yes😭 and you better go
If I ate this I’d probably throw up but tbh I’d still be happy I ate it😂😂
Can somebody please look at this shit! 😭💀💀💀💀
I love ❤💕 to H
Lmaoooo yall seem mama dee tho 😂😂😂😂
k9_jester
Miguel performing Adorn was the most beautiful I’ve ever heard ✨✨
My  is always dedicated to these guys😘
Retweet &amp; like this 🌻 Follow all who RT &amp; like 🌻 Followback everyone 🌻 Follow Me For Followback 🌻 Gain Followers 🔥
Sweet dreams 😴
That shit be making you tear tf up once they ask you 😭😂😂😂
I had to return to this. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Birthday goals 💯💯
eri appa eat so well😍 ©malgumi_two
🌴 The Palms
Kang Baekho's flower-filled path. Start.!!! 👣🌹🌹
GUYS!!! said he would go to prom with me if I got 300 rts please PLEASE help a gal out and rt 💘💘💘💘 (ok but…
Good afternoon We hope to have your products sold at Hi-Top Quezon Ave.😊 Went there yesterday and didn’t s…
😂😂😂but it’s madness now . Ebereng headache after this though ?!? Yho
Good Morning💋💕🙌🏻🌷☕️
Follow everyone who retweets this 〽
Money well spent 🤦‍♂️
Love and Basketball premiered 18 years ago today 💕
ALV ELABOUT ME DESTEWEI 😂
This is great! Kudos 😂
Bitch slapped the blunt out of my mouth, She done fucked up I’m cooking her ass tonight 😤😂
I died when she pumped air into her body 😂😂😂😂😂
Y’all. 💀
2018 prom queen 🌹✨
Time for a new car I’m thinking something foreign 🤔 yea I deserve it 🤫
k9_jester
‼️THE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN ‼️Just A Reminder Why U Were ELECTED: To SERVE And LISTEN To The  OF This C…
[RT Plz] I am looking for      VIP tickets. 😭😭😭 If…
Did she just say ..... I’m fucking dead 😂😭😭😭
[PIC] 180417 TWICE x NAVER STARCAST "What is Love?" Music Video Behind 🔗
Lmfaoo thanks my nigga 😅💪🏽
Alright 😂
I believe I can fly😎
[YOUTUBE 📊] 🌟Most liked Korean Group MVs 1. DNA➡️4,971,427 2. MIC Drop➡️4,540,263 3. BST➡️3,794,878 4. Fire➡️3,406,…
11 year old Michael Jackson performing ‘Who’s Loving You’ live in 1969 👑
☁ rt to gain seokjin stan mutuals ☁ follow who rts, make sure to follow back
New week; new oppurtunities. Grab them all🤗🤗
“audible gasps” — this newsletter tonight is...wow. 👉🏽
I hate the fact ion look my age 🙄
When life is good. 😂
you famous sis 😂
ANNNNNND IF YOU AINT A HOE, GET UP OUT MY TRAP HOUSEEEEE 😭😭
Nooooooooooooooooo NOWAY 🙅🏿‍♂️🙅🏿‍♂️ I don't want to ruin my day, it's still early and it's new day of…
12:14 AM goodnight whores 😚💞
Swachhcoin — top 🔝waste recycling ♻️project, which will clean indium from pollution.— Steemit Join…
Reposting Today will be a great day!Relax, enjoy the day, it's Sunday.💜
💰  FREE TOKENS 💰 🍀Get free 500  tokens on the following airdrop: ℹ️ Jo…
Yucky. 🤢
T-I-R-E-D 😷🤧
Ily Fredo❤
Cowards...🤔🤔
Never stop practicing! 💪
Toothy Grins 😁
SOMEONE BUY ME THESE! 🔥🔥
Gotta send that love and support towards the homies 🤷🏾‍♂️
I let my nephew lead me through the mirrors at the carnival and it didn’t go so well for him😂🤦🏾‍♀️
How many triangles are there , Retweet nd see how many got this wrong 😂😂😂
toxicity can easily go unnoticed for years until you consider your own experience of a “ difficult person “ 🎯
Need this outfit 🙂...
So! Redrew the nidoran from 2003🌳 I dont think 6 year old me would have been very impressed with my new version tho, i r…
computer magic irl 💻🍄✨
I think i'm fallin for you :) ❤
Y'all my cousin sent me this video and I'm crying 😂😭
our asses made the whole family sit down and watch us perform too😂😭
🔥I just entered a giveaway 🔥Download Frenzy to win a free Sean Wotherspoon gift pack ⛓
Off duty vibes 🔻
This makes me sad... 😪
Mostly Every Friend I Have Has Somebody. Wth Am I Doing Wrong.😭🤷🏽‍♀️
Steady now... 📸 -
i wonder how fancy this room is gonna turn out. 🤔
This is a great article 👍🏼 “What’s BTS’ success secret? ... “sympathy (connection) and trust rather than SNS” “Most ppl s…
CORGI DOWN! 📹: .corgi
I’ve always wanted to do this 😭
I absolutely HATE group projects 😑
Javier Baez is so fun to watch 👀🔥
Yall don’t hear me tho!  (sorry, not sorry). 🤷🏽‍♀️
Skyline view 🌃 RT if your from CT
thats done me mate im in bits😂
What?! How did Beyoncé change her nail color during her coachella performance!!!! 😳😱
🌻💛🐯🌻🐶💛Ł☮℣€💛🐯🌻🐶💛🌻 Heartfelt gratitude for your friendship and help for other beings less fortunate. http:/…
“where you going asap? you better be back asap.” -a queen. 😭
If you live in Nigeria 🇳🇬🇳🇬 &amp; you want more twitter followers Grow your account now!!💯🔥 Retweet this, follow every that…
thanks bro👍
is trending N.2 worldwide 🌐 after the news of BTS Third Full Album was released! https…
Hop on the wave 🌊 GOT NEW YORK SOUNDIN LIKE NEW YORK 💯💯
Current mood 😊 |
I’ve already been in tears 3 tomes today 🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️ It’s only 2 hours into my day!
I have a baby lion that bites me sometimes but I let him 🦁
Dear RM, You have officially slayed us with this announcement 🙊😱💀
⚡️VVK €4 ⚡️This saturday
I pray to God I make it 🎈
i’m about to change my @ so goodbye to the icon 97sdance if i don’t miss her too much 😔
J Cole decided to drop some bars for the playoffs 🔥🔥
Wait a second who got conned here.. yoora or chan..😂😂
🌻🌾🌻Follow Me✅ 🌻🌾🌻Like and Retweet ✅ 🌻🌾🌻Follow all those likes and retweets 🌻🌾🌻Comment ifb✅ 🌻🌾🌻FollowBack everyone wh…
Pre-cap! Injured TanShi😰 A week full of suspense, drama, twists, revelations, emotions and so much more! Must watch! Don’t…
So here’s SOPE &amp; there’s TAEKOOK!!😂😂😂
🚌TRAVEL TO CHELSEA FOR JUST £1! Main club sponsor OPE Sports has subsidised Coach Travel tickets for all  support…
⏬ watch ⏬ skinny porn tits blonde cuminmouth closeup cumshot teen blowjob young shavedpussy xxx sex nsfw porno
Rod sayer taking a 10 inch dildo 👉 👈 soloboys dde harry louis 10-inch-dildo
everything nice, everything just right💋
Bruh this is fire 🔥🔥🔥😂 I wasn’t expecting that
I. Miss. My. Boyfriend. 😭
i really hate fever ☹️☹️☹️☹️ []
Nigga I’m dying 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
How i talk to my friends vs how i talk to everybody else 😭😭😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂
🍃🍁TreatOfTheDay 🍁🍃
Senior high 😂
THEY DON'T ALLOW BEADS IN HERE. 👂👃👅
What a great day for punting! Nothing can stop  ❄️❄️❄️
“Like that but cat” crying 😂
What am I doing with my lifeeeee 🤪
was truly historic: 🌧Coldest  in 30 years 🇺🇸 1st American woman to win in 33 year…
i did this yesterday. but only got there 3 minutes late 🤦🏼‍♀️
Happy Birthday Have the best day beloved. See you at trenchies later. ily 💕🌻
Good morning my dear friend 🌷 have a wonderful day 🌹🍃🤗
A very warm welcome to a new member in the family, 🌷 EXO-Ls from Pakistan, do follow this account for up…
She 👏🏾 so 👏🏾 damn 👏🏾 disrespectful
May is coming 😁😁
📣ARMY!📣 ➡We are aiming for +2,000,000 pre-orders🔥 🌟PLEASE pre-order the album on April 18th when Big Hit drops the lin…
Who is going to qualify for the Champions League final? Liverpool 🔁 AS Roma ❤
Calling people a Russian bot is the ultimate Boomer comeback 😂😂😂 old ass scumbag
Come play with me!     💚 …
Videos are better 😌
Preciate ya homie! And hell yeah much love man🤙🏼🤟🏼
NCT BLACK ON BLACK TEASER 😭
Who is ready for spring? ✋🏻 📷: via
🗣 I AM CONFUSION. Beyonce had a full marching band playing Swag Surf and the crowd was stiffer than an H&amp;M suit jacket. h…
On my momma I’d rob her. 😭 no hesitation.
are you ready to break some more  records?!  🙌🎉😭💙
May is coming 😁😁
The Chinese dress is such a lovely thing to see 😍
Even the babies couldn’t stop them 😂💛🖤
my sister finally drank after 9 months of being pregnant and this is what happens😭😂😭 I am crying
🙏🏻 sending prayers and strength from the Panhandle of Oklahoma.
The boys are back! 👋
Spike Spiegel - « Cowboy... Dragon! » 20th Anniversary illustration. /Character ©Sunri…
MIN YOONGI 🌻🌻 C'MON ARMY WE ARE LOSING 1 RT = 1 VOTE 🔥🔥🔥
Good morning 🤗 full day available for some sessions 😈
How is Sarah supposed to react? 😳  is all-new tomorrow!
Stats says so😂😂😂
Us time mrr rhi the ab ni mr rhi😑
10 year old idols in total chaos while rehearsing their g(old) songs 😂😂 there's Sunny throwing her lollipop to Sooyoung and Y…
LEVIATHAN + PLANETARY PROBE V-BUCKS GIVEAWAY 🔥 24 HOUR FLASH GIVEAWAY 🏆 3 LUCKY WINNERS 💰 300$ WORTH OF V-BUCKS FOR
should i just act like i didnt see it?😂😂😂
RT: Union Mill ES    for 3D Game Programming (1-6th Grade) @ STEM Summer Camp 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Happy to say I’ll finally be out of a shop next week 🤙
my sister finally drank after 9 months of being pregnant and this is what happens😭😂😭 I am crying
THANK YOU MUMSH ❤
Real question is... who wouldn’t wanna play here? 🤔
New album  轉 'Tear' will be here 5/18 ❤❤ Listen to our This is: BTS Playlist () on
what happened to your woman 🤭
Tiffany Haddish and Kevin Hart SHOULD NOT be together alone bruh, they stupid as hell 😂😂😂😂😂
New album  轉 'Tear' will be here 5/18 ❤❤ Listen to our This is: BTS Playlist () on
New album  轉 'Tear' will be here 5/18 ❤❤ Listen to our This is: BTS Playlist () on
im listening to a song but if i tell yall u guys are gonna make it about * so ill just listen in silence 🤠✌️
Tire fixed 👌 Filling it back up with air Sorry I had to end early! Will be back tomorrow
These two deer were stuck together by their antlers — until these guys came along 👏
To my mother💗 May every tear that has ever fallen from your tired eyes on my behalf become a river for you in Paradise.
So guess from now on there will be no comments on ground, air or sea matters 😨😨😨
Very well said 👍👍👍👍👍
Jongdae stans are as loud as Kim Jongdae lmao. They are so cuuute😂💕   https://t…
New video up on my only fans, playing with myself while i wait for daddy 😈💦
Yo bitch said she want a dope boy, she said she tired of them broke boys 😂
Paisa lang We’re still here 😜
a year &amp; a half later. my dudes just keep gettin' better &amp; better. ☺️
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show Red🦂:
Thank you so much!! ❤
" Lorl!😂😂😂😂😂 Chris Brown - Hekele Heke.🔥🔥 [cred: "
JustJarrod Interview (Part 1) - Discussing the history of No Man's Sky a... 😁 two of my favourite NM…
me and bun are gonna be bumming around all 4 days 💪
It’s gameday for girls ⚽️. The Lady Indians host Louisa at 5:30/7 tonight. Girls and boys lacrosse are at Thomas Dale at 6/7:30…
Happy birthday beautiful soul, would have been 47. Will forever dance your cumbias! 💜    …
Guess I'm a motherfuckin mouth breather. 😂
Why are lil tay and obsessed with 😂? Their profile pictures are of her!!! True fans😭😭
I'd put this queso all up in more than my face-o 😜
God is good 🙏🏽
Did she just say ..... I’m fucking dead 😂😭😭😭
hello ❤️❤️❤️❤️ I wanna watch some gameplay 😘😘 can u stream some fortnite later ???
**GIVEAWAY**Mr Bear is at it again! 🙄Weve been enjoying God Bless You &amp; Good Night from the A…
all I can see is jihoon with the wolverine glove trying to get woojin's attention by stroking his shoulder and back 😂😂😂 h…
When you got lil cakes but bae still plotting on smashing them to smitherines 😋
‼️DNA STREAMING PARTY‼️ Time for a race ARMY! DNA is so close to 350m and we want to get it there as fast as possible…
🤔🤔🤔....."If I go down, they all go down...." The money you Libby's have donated to his defense fund is a drop in the bucket, p…
✅Terps win ✅B1G Tournament berth ✅16 straight 10-win seasons RECAP:
Happy Sunday to everyone 🌿🌺🌿🌺🌿🌺
Me: *trying to watch makeup tutorials* Also Me: oKay we get it 🙄 u have thiiiings ughhhh JuSt put on your fAce MARYy!!!
For the ones out there that hate my laugh 😘
Spring is here. 😉
TERRY ROZIER SHAKES BLEDSOE FOR THE BIG TIME 👌! 😱😱😱
My man😍
shanks love 😊💋💋
📺Respect, leadership &amp; 참아 come into play in  The hyped up fight between Jin &amp; V was less relevant than…
I plan on keep lil mama fed and not fed up. Was up 🌿👀🌿 lol that white Altima nice u know Lls.
Ask twitter😂
© kookceptional
I want more piercings 😩
THIS PART WAS E V E R Y T H I N G  🐝👸🏽
🙈:Friedly, Kind and Supportive:) 🙉:8:) 🙊:Talk to you soon and God bless you always:)!
If you give it out, you've got to be able to take it as well! 😅 Fair play 👏
Thank you fam. 💜💜💜🙏🙏
don’t know how girls can get such nice standing pics 😩 teach me pls x
🙃 ya boy made it on the newspaper
Hair Too Long - Friday ✌🏼
waking up to beyonce’s coachella performance has fully made my day already, iconic 😩🔥❤️
Somebody said " Kuame Eugene suit looks like he is going to defend his project work" Eiii😂😂 Boi get keys 🔐
but don’t you know that this is life? getting lost is just a part of the compromise ➖🥀➖
my boyfriends wife is so annoying fam. everyday phone call 🙄 give us space
Rep that faka sis !!! ❤️🔥🙌🏽
cute child 🐿
❲ I will jihyun 😭😭😭😭 ❳
Exhausted 😪
That's what you get 🙂
Do you think would debut a new song at BBMAs? 👀
Cause Who .? 😍😍😍🤪 Oka
Off-White x Nike Air Presto 🔥
Can't make it to  anymore? 😥 Sell your tickets through our official ticket exchange! Guaranteed! ✅ → https://…
EXO SUHO's "Richman" drama teaser full version 📺 meet EXO Suho as a genius CEO of an IT Company, Next Inn on 9 May, 1…
Mingming's still handsome even if the pic's blurred 😍😍😍😍 congrats mingming for your debut!!!
🌷◼️⬛️▪️ Happy Sunday ▪️⬛️◼️🌷
65% already sold out! ⌚️ Few hours left to get your 50% BONUS:
Thank you. 😊 And yes class is cooperative really !
Like everyone who’s upset about Beyoncé wanting good photo are YT people yikes😬
Gain 600+ Followers now!!! 🔥Like 🔥Retweet 🔥Follow 4 Follow 🔥I Follow Back.
Dm or text 4433993046💨🔥
I added a video to a playlist 😍 Bloated Stomach: 8 Common Reasons and How to Treat Them!
Gamespot has SO much content they spam the same articles over and over and over. 🤣
OH MY, 😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
✅Follow Me Back I’m Unfollowing Everyone Who Doesn’t follow me Like This If you Follow back🛎🔥…
I miss you so much I’m sad you left wright 😩
King Namjoon, your highness from the finest royalty 💙💙💙 cr. HoneyJoonie94
yellawolf 🍯
John Cena and Nikki Bella broke up 💀💀💀💀
⏬ watch ⏬
« No peace - Sam Smith » 💤😍
Charles and Manon's first kiss ❤️
Going to make a million out of 10 cent this year !!!!💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾
have equaled an all-time top-flight record 👏 📻
Macho mexicano pisses all over hot stud 💦💦💦 Get a membership at to see m…
Michael posted on IG story  🐶
Milk box universe 💫
O homem! 👊👊👊
Larkyon mein tum😂 Tmhare pass b har bat ka jawab hota ha. Remember i said tht whn u commented on maham's pic?
Pixie is giving away Gigi bikinis while suppIies last! Make sure you get one😍 👙 …
👀 👅 I give shoutouts to people who retweet or like my tweets alot!  🤢😥😔😢
Now our website is available in  too! 🇻🇳🇻🇳🇻🇳
When that Naruto opening comes on 🔥🔥🔥
I WASN’T EXPECTING THIS 😂
Man I love being from Tampa 😂
hope you’ve had a great holiday 😎 see you tomorrow 😆😉🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀
Amsterdam Spring Break 2018 Hotel Warm Up Live Session ‼️ Steppin 👣☀️✈️
She loves me 🤔 she loves me not 🧐
WE ARE F****** CHAMPIONS congratulations boys !!!!!! 🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾
the... the typo and the entire sentence structure... i- 😐
Could have been Mahrez 😐
Beard up ✊️
happy birthday!! I hope you have a great day!💙🎉
thanks friend💕 oot but i was reading through your tweets the other day and they made my day
Look at that smile. Here's what Rafael Benitez had to say after Newcastle's win over Arsenal. 🎥👉
Omfggggg DID THAT 😍
JW: Obama Admin knew about Benghazi before it happened I blame Hillary too They are liars &amp; treasonous traitors😡 https:…
SUUUUUUUCK ON MY BAAAALLS BICHHHHH. 💃💃💃💃
playing on Irish radio 💕
♥ I love you ♥
So amazing❤️
➫ NCT We the Dream Chaser       and  🔜
Nigga it’s a WORLD WAR where you gone go? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Because, next to you, the power pose is necessary 👌😂    …
not to be dramatic BUT 💕💓💖💗💞
These Honey Smacks about to be HEAT 🍯🔥
📝📝 Barz Alert 📝📝 Nadia Nakai x Freestyle What are your thoughts?
🔴🔴 wait for them vocals
There is actually not a better feeling than to have a besftfriend who also thinks of you as their bestfriend 👭
Let us introduce you to your stunning Parisian apartment for the weekend. ✨ Located on the iconic avenue Montaigne, enjo…
Promise 😊
400 Fast Retweets= 400 Followers Retweet If You Follow Back!! Follow Everyone that Retweets!!
i'm gon get nasty anyway, he ion gotta ask me🤪
Which teen show is superior? RT for Gossip Girl 💄 Like for Riverdale 👀
Did you say bass??🙈
rt this to gain bts stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back ✌🏼
👏 - what an incredible season!
I hate feeling dependent, shenanana🎵
Matt Ritchie has no respect for Aubameyang 😭😂 (🎥: )
I gave my son 20 bucks allowance this week instead of 10 🤦🏾‍♂️
When unc said this i felt that shit 😭😭
Ready for the playoffs! [🔊 SOUND ON]  🚀
Yay! You deserve to! 💓💓
I was not ready for the 3rd pic 😂
🔥 12 Hours 👉 Click ✅ Like + RT + Follow ☝️ Notifications ON!
!Ts L!KE A YARD SALE or GARAGE SALE or GARBAGE SALE
Let's just say I have been proper ebayed on the lion costume I've just bought for the dog 🤣😂
Halsey and G-Eazy at the  event in Palm Springs yesterday (📷: 9carlosg)
18/19 🤔 😂😂😂 ❤️ felicitations boy
Not to be a demanding bitch but I need HQ of this. 🙏🙏
oh man, is tweeting! 🙌🏾
Through ups and downs give God the glory 🙏🏾❤️
I get done dirty by a mf I do the most for, but that’s alright! From here on out it’s all about ME and MY happiness😌
You have such an adorable pack! 😍
I can see jaemin ❤🌼
Salut ❤️
Christchurch NZ 2011
Beyoncé fucking KILLED THAT shit!!!!!! She did this for the CULTURE!!!🔥
When you in the mood, and your girl wanna sleep 🤣🤣🤣
TONIGHT‼️‼️‼️ gakehote_ntv
Awright shagger 😂😂
Jeon jungkook 📣📣📣RETWEET 📣📣📣
hayy i love this life, really 😌❤
🇺🇸 RT for Illinois! Scientist. Marathoner. Businessman. Environmentalist. is also now the Democratic Nominee f…
I thought being rare is awesome 😂 like one of a kind lol
I love this cast ❤️
i don't understand, but I love you both okay 💞
Eugene your are forgiven we love you and your mullet again❤️❤️❤️❤️
Paul George is lighting the Utah Jazz up!! Wowsa!!! 🔥🔥🔥
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
We lost an absolute legend today. RIP R. Lee Ermey 😔
de featuring  💿📀🔜🔜 [Pronto]
Derrick Rose and-1! 💪🌹
GETTTTTTTTT IT DANIEL! 🏆💪 What a drive and what a win!
somebody please 🌹
I know how u feel babe😘
coco movie over and over againn ♥️
No problem 🗣💯
Stevie Louise wants to hear what you are up to this sunny Saturday!! She's LIVE🔛914 Option 1️⃣ https…
He got what he deserved. Retweet if you agree 🙌
You should ☺️ it’s probably going to be a funny video
Irma is just the cutest 💞
Tana forgot to upload 😂
y’all please zoom into the face of the only black person in the crowd💀
Y’all I fucking died 😂🤣😂🤣
About last night tho 😏
THIS PART WAS E V E R Y T H I N G  🐝👸🏽
🍾  Escape, Breakfast &amp; Afternoon Tea with Prosecco at The British Museum only £79pp🍾
K Love doesn’t get credit at all 💯
When target gives you letters 🧚‍♀️💕
🕷️ 🕷️ Happy week 🌞Have a lovely day 🌹  &amp;  for more content ❣️ https:/…
He just got on the team too 💀
😐 i want to desperately believe this is internet irony
My hair is so cute😍
☁️Superstore lets go! ☁️
🍂Do you like this??
Vote for by tweeting and RTing 💪💜
Deer meat 👀👀
📍Coffee Bean
God please bring her back to good health 💯
Join &amp; share  Project! Make a 90 sec scientist intro video for K12 students to see 💪   htt…
What wakes me up in the morning? My new bff shouting tahoooooo 💘 thanks for saving the day kuya taho!
‼️TIME TO ACT‼️ POTUS is heading to Pennsylvania to back GOP candidate Rick Saccone in key special House race filling Tim…
Loved the preview of the songg 😍 it's very catchy loving it 😍❤❤ can't wait till the music video is out👌
Me when my friends try putting my awkward ass on their snap attempting to hype me up 🙂💀
Our pre-season training base has developed a lot in the last week! 🐻
🌚 when ur dad thinks he’s a rapper .. bye
have you seen this👀
PLAY ROCKET LEAGUE 🐋💨👅
Still going through to make sure Luci 2 and 3 made it 👍
Heads up! We have got a new Special Issue about "Standards in Systems Biology" in the making. ⌛️Stay tuned until March!…
Missing  Police Dog Missing   Please RT this! Thank you! God Bless 🙏🙏🙏
Hi Nevyana!!😊This for you😊my dear twitter friend🐆🐾 Lampart🐾🐆I wish you. Happy new week😊🤗🌺💐💐🌺
Thug 😂😂😂
She’s 😍😍
2nd album  NOW available for Pre-order Find out more here ⬇️   h…
[⭐️] Our nightly MASS-VOTING will be starting in 15 MINUTES! Get ready to trend “DIMPLE” by using it on your voting tweets!…
Bill Gates Agrees to pay of $ 76Million Of Nigerian Debt...........🧐 Interesting
When someone says u look alike with someone whom you know is ugly 😡, what's your reaction? Using MEME
Who’s the best British band of the past 25 years? RT – Oasis ❤️ – Arctic Monkeys
Niggas eat pussy, just not any females Pussy, SO if you not gettin yo pussy ate then bitch BOOM you ain’t that bitch😂👎🏾…
“Momma I’m trynna cook for you”😂😩
6️⃣9️⃣ My Fav 😋
the app "Seventeen Light Stick" lets you control the color/light settings of your Carat Bong!! it's sooo cool omg 😭😭
The most 2018 headline, so far   📉💰
🍂have a nice weekend for all🍂
When she don’t care about your car 🚗 🚙 Smfh
Summer vibes 🌊
RT: Hilton Hotels HiltonHotels  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
new streaks?🔴🔴🔴
Check the VIDEO + EP OUT TODAY!! 😊😘💜
We from  are gettiing to know a lot of small youtubers!🔥 Are you one of them If so, tell us your story!!…
RT:   Postcard marketing is   and  🖨
I don't like you 👎👎👎
[‼️] 2 days since its release on YouTube,  surpasses 960k views!! Continue streaming until we hit our g…
Wild, wild, wild 💫🎶 Want to watch cover Wild Thoughts in the Live Lounge? NOW YOU CAN 💕 👉👉👉 …
RT: Intro to Minecraft Modding   💎
You are gooooooold 😋
Wow, Amazing! 💦❤💦Fjlana💦❤💦 is broadcasting on ,come to join!
i just realized i spelt she instead of shit 🙃
ARMY 🗣️ Please Mass Tweet/RT    ( now!  vote rate is increasing - let's vote…
Been craving some good boiled turkey necks for the longest😭
RT to vote for  for  💿  Let's go +
I wanna know how it went from 12:41 to 3:26 a.m. in 2 hours 🤔
Oooo i love🤩
I actually ship and 🙌🤙
4 things that you can do with us! 1⃣You can buy TUT tokens with a 45% bonus ▶️ 2⃣Join our bounty…
happy birthday beaut😽 hope you have the best day ❤❤
Lovely 🤗
⏬ watch ⏬ rimjob porn oral stockings wetandmessy milking highheels fetish milksquirting e…
RT: Beautiful Outdoors - Captured beautiful patios, exteriors, and landscape for your house! 🏘 📸
LMFAO “i didnt order that! I ordered an Xbox card” 😂😂😂
Hoseok’s message for every armys who voting for  💜
Good night Twitterworld. 🐯❄️🐾Thank you all for your kindness and tweets. I love to you all.🦁😍🐾✨❄️☃️😴😘🌼 …
Happy birthday to Pep Guardiola—a legendary player and manager 🎉🎁
[🗳]    - DIMPLE (11)
UNNIEEE. Happy birthday to you, may you always surrounding by the happiness and always healthy.💕💕💕  ht…
What we do stays between us... Not your friends ❗️
Thank you babe ❤
DO 👏🏾 IT 👏🏾 BE 👏🏾 BOLD 👏🏾
[PIC] งานแถลงข่าว Wanna One Fan Meeting In Kuala Lumpur   ©MyKpopHuntress
Begin your weekend on a high note by watching the  hit makers on at 5:30am 💃💃💃💃💃t…
Hogwarts Express 😍😍😍
“Did you delete your snap?” No just you.😂😂
i swear this is meeee 😂😂😂😂
Lmao people really upset that Offset said “I can’t vibe with queers” in a song 😂😂😂 let’s ignore all the other lyric…
Peace progress and positivity all 2018 ✨
Ighhht this is cute 😩
I just entered a Giveaway to win VENGEANCE® RGB 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR4 DRAM
State’s size is just right! 💙 Personal connections, faculty mentoring, and professor check-ins can be expected. Sycamores…
About to log on to  cum get dirty witcha bb girl 💚 👉 👈
have announced a massive show at Wrigley Field—here's who'll be joining them! 💜
My snack, i love youu❤️
literally my life 😂
So whose Fault?? 😱🤔
Why tf is Ashanti this fucking bad?! 😍🙌🏽
Its lip chappin n crackin season so keep y'all shit from bleedin 😂
Get it babe 🔥
Taking little steps🙏🏽
my mom and i just made the cutest snowperson!☃️💕
These are too dope! 👌🏽
hey, guys please reply this tweet with the latest nigerian music you know. my library needs resuscitation thanks 🙏🏽
Still a better love story than… 💔
The left: Trump is too fat to be president! Also the left: Oprah Winfrey for president! 🤔
unreal. little by little is the  electronic album in India and  overall 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 thank you to my in…
you dont see that everyday WORSHIPPING GOD at the wedding 🙏🙏
He reacted negatively uhhhh abort mission 😂😂😂😭😭😭
Niggas be broke but always have some weed, wrong bag DUMMY 🤣
lmao wtf only you 😂
💛 😱 ONE MORE SLEEP!!! Watch explore the K-pop phenomenon and meet the incredible Friday from 5AM |
I mean not included in these vote counts lol ofc its included in the final result 😂😂
Happy Thursday everyone! 💕
The biggest L you could ever take is playing somebody who had no intentions on playing you🤦🏾‍♂️
When Cardi B said, “I got options but i want who i want 🤷🏽‍♀️” I felt that🗣
ju really disrespectful got me up at this time of the morning 🤧
Always blockin a nigga smh 🤦🏾‍♂️
🎥| Mayla via InstaStories.
ballin harder than the pacers 🏀
Rip Idol ❤️
baby blue 🍼
this lip gloss is so beautiful ✨
Blacked out AMG GT 🦇
BUILD THAT WALL! We are sick of our citizens and LEOs 👮🏻‍♂️👮🏻‍♀️ being murdered by callous illegal aliens. “I w…
your smile, my happiness❤️
way to travel in style  🛫🛬
“Momma I’m trynna cook for you”😂😩
Baby 💕
No more drinking 💀💀💀
That moment when your mama comes in your room then your siblings ease their way in there 😂 now you gotta mini family reuni…
This is one of my favorite songs I’ve ever made. Go show some love ❤️
Follow everyone who rts &amp; likes this 😊
yeah so my dog was really excited to see me today 😂😂 (wait for it)
Music without a marketing plan is not a product... its just noise. 💯
Harley Barber, Expelled Alabama Student, Says She’s Not Racist Because “She Had Sex With A Football Player” 😒 https://t.…
Awwwww 😍😍😍😍😍 Oppa 👌🏽
Some impressive numbers from these 3 last year. Make sure to 👀 for more 🌊
“Be prepared to stay the full 3 hours in lab”... kms🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
[BREAKING NEWS] has agreed a new contract until 2022 Full story 👉 🔵🔴
I'm happy for you....🎶🎶
I hope we’ll see more of these face expressions on Sunday at the  awards 😂🤟🏻
chill2 lng 😂
The fact that this even needs to be said says a lot... 🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
It’s my  !!! 🎂 next
This is why I often don't answer your messages without a tribute or some indication that you'll be of use to me 👋👋🖕
Happy 38th Birthday to Estelle 💙
Humm🤔
Castiel 👼 ▪ He's an angel of the lord. ▪ Wings ▪ Loves Winchesters ▪ Amateur Hunter ▪ Assbutt ▪ Pizza Man https://…
Philippines 🇵🇭
The Mystery of Seulgi's Missing Phone (feat. Twice)  😁
[11.01.18]  en   🎤 HQ    ©be_JIMIN951013 JPao🍑
Just wanna say I really appreciate you're use of "I was well pleased" coming to London has clearly got to you 😅
Hey army 👋🏼 feel free to dm me if you need someone to talk to!💜 we need to support each other as our boys taught us😌
📍BREAKING NEWS📍 'I just read 4-page memo that threatens democracy to its core' The allegations contained in this importa…
I can't wait for RHONY 🍎
😳😳😳 I CAN'T BREATHE ?!?
Hit you with a follow here and on twitch.😀
Happy  day 🤩🎉 🇬🇧 🌏 on 💕🇰🇷💕 …
BTS GOING UP STAGE TO RECEIVE BOTH BEST BOYBAND &amp; FANARMY SHOULD👏 BE👏 ENOUGH👏 MOTIVATION👏 FOR👏 Y'ALL👏 CUZ👏 THAT'S👏 ARTIST-FA…
[🗳] Tweet/RT    - ➡️ Create voting draft tweets from now in case our rate fal…
the look on d-wade's face 😂😂😂
“Momma I’m trynna cook for you”😂😩
Everything ☺️
Next week SES-14 all-electric ⚡️ telecommunications satellite 🛰️ built by Airbus for will be launched 🚀 vi…
look what said about collaborating with BTS, and she said she likes MIC Drop 😆
Haha we all have our differences I guess. Well I wish I can be 21 forever 😭
Vc➡DmSeriusOnly!
Jongdae's hair looks same with his childhood💛🐊💛
If will run  I will also run daily. 😛🙈 what say ? 😆😛😂 https://t.…
Stop chasing and begging for people to stay in your life. You might end up losing the people who actually stayed 🙃
Fingers crossed 🤞🏼
Keep buying 's "MIC Drop ( feat. Desiigner)[Steve Aoki Remix]" on: 🔸iTunes: 🔸Google P…
If there was an olympics for sleeping in I would get gold 😂
RStudio is also looking for customer success reps who 💖 RStudio and want to help companies succeed with  https:/…
Happy Birthday, good brother 🤘🎉
Oh, I'm extremely late, but ANYWAYS, thank you for that 💙 [   htt…
😭 im sorry
Why she look like an anime fighter walking into battle 💀
11:11 follow from 💕
RT or LIKE this tweet to win a makeup item of your choice! I will be DM’ing a few people tonight &amp; tomorrow ✨ …
Funny session of 'Never Have I Ever' in the local pub. 😁
Love this so much 💕
With Round 1 of  complete, we spoke to our XB1 commentator about the race 💪 In the coming d…
PSA: Pandora’s new rings are out 😍
You never fold on me 💙🤞🏽
miz or the south holy shit 😂 love you adrienne mae 🥂😍
I imagine a lot of brextremists have been throwing their toys out of prams today... 😀
I see nothing wrong with this 🤷🏾‍♀️
I need to go shopping 🤔
🐶🐶HAPPY NEW YEAR🐶🐶
💀👾😪😩I’ll stop wearing black when they make a darker cOlor😩😪👾💀
i love you man ❤️
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂im cryingggg
Jesus Christ😂😂you the 🐐
Or not🤷🏼‍♂️
Whose grandpa is out here sucking on titties through Facetime? 💀😂
Love love love.💕
🌎 Worldwide iTunes Album Chart:  CAMILA (=) * for 3 days* [ 4 days on chart ]
Ousmane Dembélé was 9 years old when we last won at Anoeta. Can he win it for us this time around? 🤔
I can't get any work done around here 🙄
I’m meeting you in in Philly 💘
180114 Happy Ever After     Best of me💜      …
Let’s ignore the hate and negetavity from exo-l’s and just focus on bts... let’s hype our favs and send them lots of love❤️…
Family Audience👌 Huge 😍
IN CASE YOU MISSED THE TOTAL ECLIPSE 🌕🌖🌗🌘🌑🌒🌓🌔🌕
sheeteee😂
Congrats for the win. You deserved it so much. We love you a lot 💕 Looking forward for what you're d…
and now the Aussie Opwn Womens draw is a complete bore.😴😴😴😴
I love my wallpaper 😘😘😘
🎥  Sideline Cam
✨ — I’ll be your halftime show, baby.
DYING 😭
The government agent spying on me through my front camera has had enough 😔
Wyd this Friday? We need to watch the new greys 😤
I’m a sone and EXO-L and I’m crying 😭
Will do 😅
180114 4th muster Happy Ever After     노츄👉🏻~❤️
Sanchez is actually going 😂
We can’t wait to bring you some of Haiti’s beautiful music in Feb/March, from 🇭🇹 There’s one person it part…
DOGS ARE THE GREATEST GOOD 😭😭
Tom Holland photo op announcement is drowning out the Captain America panel.  ☹️
I take funny ass snaps then realize I have no friends to send it to...  😭
When I showed Tae and RM an early version of Supernova in Seoul this summer 🤣 it’s finally out now！ …
VOTED BEST INDIE BOOK of 2017 by Get your copy! 🔗 Amazon UK's  Religious…
👉Post-tweet👈I've tried to respond to questions/criticisms, but I can't keep up. The most frequent was that I SHOULD have "c…
I love you sissy ❤️❤️
Flowers 💐 and chocolates 🍫 or video games which one
Very good afternoon 😊😊😊😊👍🙏
RT: Willow Springs ES    for 3D Game Programming (1-6th Grade) @ STEM Summer Camp 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Come back 😭
Nah nigga said “we sharing dolls?” This nigga Jon gonna say is nigga throwing 5.... I’m still weak 😴😴😴💀💀
Thank you. ❤️
Whoz looking sizzling?? For me all are looking 😍😍😍😍😍     …
⚠️ATTENTION ARMYs⚠️ "MIC Drop Remix" has fallen to no. 25 (-6) on Today's Top Hits!! Please keep streaming it, on repea…
180113 I’M SO DEAD 😇😇😇😇😇😇
7 weeks until vacation in Tenerife ✈️
🔼NEW UPLOAD🔼 🔥WATCH OUT🔥 🎾MY GREEN BALL WILL FIND YOU🎾 Much Love Dollebob&lt;3     h…
The  🎨 Fisherman's cottage, 1907 👨‍🎨 Harald Oskar Sohlberg (29 September 1869 – 19 June 1935) was a Norwegia…
💐SENIOR ALERT,Seems Blind! 🆘 7 yrs Medium size 🎀id# 37598653 Looking for a home &amp; a family to Love💓 @ El Paso Animal Servic…
I concur!😍
Whenever I try watching something on my laptop 😑
Just wanna take the time out Wish My Meesh a Happy Birthday ! 😭😭😭 even tho we sang to u months early 🖤 The...
fuck 1111 i want u 24/7 💯
Arsenal haven’t been the same since Jesse Lingard Milly Rocked at the Emirates. 😂
So, we never re-enter in an attempt to win the next time? 🤔
I don't know...woke up with a bit of a knot in my stomach....maybe because of tomorrow's new mission...😶😏 And then I…
Block numbers and keep it moving 🤪
Watching people treat rap like FUBU 🙃
He made that face at the end cause he know he fucked up 💀
I miss him 😩😩
🚨Current..Ghetto News Report🚨 📸🎬by Me✨😂💪🏾
good dick will make you wanna beat a bitch ass for breathing around the nigga 😂🙌🏽
These two... 😍  for
Spiderman skill. 🏅 🏋️‍♂️ . . . . . . . . .
If you are a wailer and follow me then get the HELL off my twitter!👽M.M. Means unfollow me!👽M.M.
Truworths clothes dream after first wash 😤 When you know ,you know✌
Family shares hilarious results of their “professional” photoshoot which really did not go to plan 😂…
Or could be sleep deprivation 🤷🏽‍♀️
Chick-Fil-A got 4 for $5🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾 you get a chicken sandwich, a lemonade, a cookie, waffle fries &amp; I just made you read this f…
A BIGG Round of Applause 👏👏 For All the Shilpians Across the Globe 🙌 U all Made Possible to Achieve TROPHY for
This saved the whole muster event 😭😭 agree?????????? 😭😭😭😭😭😭 die with me plz    h…
Amazing Grace 💕how sweet the sound
joker !😳
Awks😂😂😂
he's having fun with his stuffed animal 😭😭
Layah Bestfriend 🤗🤗🤗🤞🏼 (just practicing) 😂😂😂🔐💪🏽😍😘
Mind-Blowing Octopus color change 🐙 by IG
I love you so much, please come to Greece this year 😭💘
The vet called and told me Shadows blood work came back perfect. Liver, kidneys, red &amp; white blood cells ✅✅✅. With…
Well Played VikasGupta u will be remembered until there are no humans left on this planet ♥️ —Yours Lostsoul for Life
When you’re part time ,but they got you working like you’re full time 😴
suddenly they realized they were celebrating for liverpool ni ta😂😂😂
Congrats 2 u my dearest Sangeetha for  💟😍😘unoda exact joining day theriyala pa! b…
😂😂😂😂 umm females who can clap their booty cheeks I guess 🤷🏽‍♀️ it’s a normal thing
See how your eye get. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Finally back in the studio😤
son when i first saw this the first thing that came to my head was could never be us😂😂😂
Kamini this is cute 😍😍😍😍 thank u so much shiku😘😘😘
[TRANS] Super TV member relationship 4: Donghae 💙 Shindong Avatar line Shindong will be taking care of Donghae's popularity!…
jungkook was living for everyone yelling 'nochu' he even did the nochu come thru rap 😂   http…
Raise your hands if you are excited to see Super Family back in Yellows!😍😇
Birthday Pipa + hogueriiis🔥🔥🔥🚒
Omg forgot to post.... I saw this today at Pusan National Univ area 😂😂
HAPPY EVER AFTER 💓
ITS FINAL NOW Before LIVE Voting Kyu na yahi clear ho jaye ki Live votes me kon jeetne wala hain RT 🔁 for
Girl this thing is magical. I feel like a true black queen. I am untouchable with my jumbo bonnet. 💅…
🗣 "Collins, you're terrible!" Jimmy Butler enjoyed his time on the bench during the Blazers blowout 😂 …
Lasagna in a mug! 😋 via (ig) fooddolls
i hope everyone's streaming with US IP and US account, something is coming 👀 stay tunned x
Girls got beef with me who don't even know my real name 🤣
Homemade pizza 🍕 at The Wood House tonight! I love cooking with my kids and Betty would be proud…
🚨  🚨 It’s time to vote for to win  at our  👊 RT RT RT AND go here to vote onli…
Wait a minuteeeeeee...... this escalated QUICKLY OMG 😩😩😩😂😂😂😂
thanks babes ❤
Rum Mug the Orc; many, many genders!!!! via I read off a list of New York recognized genders!!!! 😱😱😱😱😱😱
Please support our OHT 👉
Taeyeon is using iphone x 📱
Double kill ou triple kill? 🤔
👇 ‘s useful advice on why it’s so important to check rather than assume consent when dating and how it can be sex…
When you see a fine girl on Instagram 😂
Thank you lovelies 🎵🌻    special thanks to x A Flock Of Seagulls - Wishing (…
Fuck I lost my wallet🤦‍♀️😭
Won’t even pour it up when I’m not busy 💃🏽
Happy Birthday to  Hyungwon!   🎉 Catch up with him: https://…
I needed this advice today thank you😪
someone tell me where i can purchase this. 🤣
Congrats fam 💯
Wale &amp; J. Cole in the studio 👀
Morning! It's  today and we have great discounts on our tequila cocktails today! 😱
180114 the 4th Muster     The cutest shark ever !! 😊 🦈 💙   https://…
Thank you so much angel! 💕
Single people roll call🗣🗣🗣drop a pic, your age, and location down below. Y’all might find your soulmate in this thread.
Blessing you with Louis angelic voice You're welcome 😊    …
wtf is this? 😂
2018 - stay  &amp; be their         🔒 💧
Oh hi,  RT this tweet to vote for for  The race is close!  🚀 …
I know it hurts sometimes , but you’ll get over it 🤷🏾‍♀️☺️
Phew 😅 that was close 😬well done lads 👊🏼💪🏼🙌🏼
Upwards and onwards. 💪
Congratulations shilpa shindey love..❤
100 followers in 6 mins Retweet fast don't miss out 🔥🔥🔥 FOLLOW ME 4 GAINS 😀😀😀 Fast follows only !! Let's GOO 🔥🔥🔥🔥
My birthday tomorrow🤪🥂 and this weekend gone be someeeethingggggg 🍾💃🏽
Zac via IG .....Happy Birthday Starla 🎊🎉 All the best for you from your Son‘s fans ❤️ …
if anyone wants to give chuu &amp; gowon a ship name, please don’t name it “gochuu” ❌ gochu is a slang for p*nis in korean
Sehun HEAVEN or sehun PETER PAN 💋 Please reply under this tweet and use the hashtags and don't forget for retweet
Happy Bearday to our nini Kim Jongin  dancing machine! 🎉🎉🎉 Stay happy and healthy!  -s love you! 😘❤🐻
slow replies make me feel unspecial ☹️
Check out the website for news and info on the area. We're proud to be  👉 …
🆘🆘🆘 PETITION: Justice for Chained  Beaten to Death by  Cop!
the quality of this video is just 😍😍
Good afternoon all ❤ Mam's spexy look😍🔥 Love you Mam💋
Ang COLD⛄
I love our fandom💞k-diamonds thank you💗
KYUNGSOO CAN'T EVEN WRITE HIS OWN SONG SO HE GET SOME HELP FROM THE FANS 😂😂😂😂
NEVER GIVE UP ...HINGA LNG ...LABAN LNG 👊💪WE WILL LOVE AND SUPPORT MAICHARD ..UNTIL OUR LAST B…
Internet shows no sympathy or remorse for anyone or anything 😂😂😂
It’s finally here 😊 it’s all directing 🌸 go check it out guys ! …
⏳ Only 1 more day to vote for Al Horford ⏳ 1 RT = 1
👋🏻 RT this tweet to vote for for  The race is close!
Get ready For today's trend💪😎 Tag will be unveiled at 11 am 👍
Lmao Kim called him the clown guy, and then a MEME 😂😂😂😂
I stg y’all gone be confused going off of what I tweet 🤣
👋🏻 RT this tweet to vote for for  The race is close!
can't wait for my life to be over 😅😂
He really fainted watching the end of the Vikings-Saints game 💀 (via
Follow everyone that likes and retweets this🐎👒🐎 Follow👉   TURN MY NOTIFICATION ON 🐎👒🐎…
Lil man was not having it , he wanted his money for his food but he wasn’t leaving without his sister😩😂😭 …
CAN'T. RETWEET. THIS. ENOUGH. 🔥🔥 The word “shithole” is being projected onto Trump’s DC hotel.  (…
Blessed 🙌 Yes Rich 👉 Getting there Lonely 🙅 Never Loved 👉 You better believe Broke 👉😯 What's that? Healthy 🙏 Thank You Lo…
Best video is a fan vote so I need your help! To vote tweet  🤙
Strumming my pain with my fingers🌙❤   juanpichel
Endless retweet on this 👌🏼
When you comment on sports without watching them 🙄🙄
Lucky kid 😱
This guy needs to get out more 😏
⏳ Only 1 more day to vote for Kyrie Irving ⏳ 1 RT = 1
u got smaller, hair got longer, look happier 😍👏🏽
Do all the things I should have done...🎵🎶
Yes call me “ dark knight “ 😭
FOLLOW👇 THEY FOLLOWBACK💯
what the fuck😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😡😡😡😡😡
FT: Liverpool 4-3 Man City ✅ THE STREAK IS OVER 😱🔥
180114 NUEST W depart to korea from KLIA MALAYSIA!! Byee~~^^ 👋🏻👋🏻
😳😳😍I love TheChepo Trendy SALE! ENTIRE STORE IS $0.00 AND YOU JUST PAY SHIPPING! *UNLIMITED ITEMS at checkout!!!!! ht…
Nothing better than watching embarrassing and making them look stupid!! Hahaha hahaha 😂😂😂😂
Just enjoy life 🌴
thank you! i needed that ☺️
Who is the  Retweet = Like = Please be as honest as possible! 😊
Proper got my positive pants on recently, 2018 is going to be mine and Leilas yeaaaaaaar 🦄💖
Can't wait to go to Mexico and visit my padrinos tomb ❤
Yooo Cam.. dm me👽
Lovely and sexy ❤️🙌🏻
My Goals At The End Of 2k18 🏆 • 5k Subs Or More.. • 150k Channel Views • Hopefully Get To Meet Alot Of Famous People Think I Can Do It?🧐
Remember this lads...  😂😂
Let’s rock today ✌🏿
It is a picture from my family 🤡
Gotta make “money moves” 🤑🤣
Drive in movies 🎥 🚙
It's a pie in the eye kinda day 🍰
[HEARTH REFILL STATION] ➡️ Buy (cost real money) hearts packs at the ‘heart refill station’ - ❤️1500 - ❤️4500 [+500]…
a little reindeer 🦌❤️😂
Click here to watch it: Shaved Petite Riley Reid with Open Pussy... 👻Add me on snapchat: im…
I was cap😊
Yesung being affectionate towards his baby girl Melo 🐕😘
Dude!! Yesss!!!! Let’s make this happen! Thanks ❤️🤘🏻
Shinin’ in the moment 💎🌟
Wym i make money betting they lose 😭
What Logan Paul did for attention vs Tim Tebow 🙏🏻    Full Video Here 👉🏻 h…
.. How do I explain the feeling of love if you aren’t the definition 😣❣️
Care to join me tonight? Jason Caguiat 🥂
Welcome to Chelsea, Ross Barkley! Full story 👉
Inside Sources :    Censor Done. 👉 Trailer will be release at anytime today! https://…
Dead ass cannot remember the last time I actually felt an Earthquake 🤔
I want a girl with pepperoni nips so I can feel like I'm eating pizza 💘
Lol I just say it for fun 😂😂😂
Happy birthday Sammy J!!! 🐐🎉🎉
Why can’t these two just get along for a change...always trying to bear eachother 😃👊
Wendy Hope= Wak Hajap(my name)😂😂😂😂
Anyone else took a decade long break from twitter and just now returning? Oh—- No one?—- Just me?—- Bet bet bet. Good talk 🤝
God damn😋😍
"NYE 2017 (don’t repost w/o credit por favor)" - Jacob and Troye on Blythe's Instagram (📷: blythemarks) [2/2] https://t.…
Watch it: Perfectly shaped tanned Brazilian... 👻Add me on snapchat: itsAbigail69 👻
So they have been lying to us all along, can't stop laughing 😂😂😂
Follow the 💰. Saudi Aramco, which is the Saudi Arabian state oil company which is going to go IPO, probably later t…
Everybody Always Asking Me If These My Lashes 😩 I Am Flattered lol
What a finish! 🙌
ima be so sexy one day watch 😎
😛😛 Sexy slut Logan Moore has the gang bang of his life!
Who likes my new black outfit? 😉 Retweet if you'd like to grab my ass 😏
Attendance Time 🕘🕘🕘 How Many Cults are in Refreshing Mode Now ?? Let's Make a Count On This my Follower…
PLS RT if you're Malaysian EXO-L 🙏😊
First day on the job ..... this finna be a breeze 🙅🏾‍♂️😭
🅰️ Andy Jackson assisted a goal for on 6m:
Diego Costa’s La Liga return: 62 mins: Yellow card 68 mins: Goal 68 mins: Second yellow, red card He’s definitely back 😂…
Meanwhile 🙈🙊 'Meanwhile, the media has mostly ignored the much more salacious elem…
It’s a must retweet everytime i see it 🤷🏾‍♂️‼️
I have an important announcement: 💞💖💕💖💞💖💖💕💖💖💞💖💕💕💖💞💖💕💖
This why I fuck with him, straight facts 💯
Time 🏆 I payout winners  ✅ 5000  &amp; 5000  Winners Announced Sun 1/14 9PM ET. Proof of Transf…
Does ur neighbor tells u that it asspussy is better then his wife pussy?  📱MistressBay
u didnt like it 😌👊🏽
Everyone gotta CHILL 😵
Heroes 💪🏼
The Inbetweeners was first aired on E4 TEN YEARS AGO this year !!!!!!!!! 😵 fuck me, time flies when you’re knee deep in cl…
🔥‼️SORTEAZO‼️🔥 📱APPLE IPHONE X📱 👉🏼 👈🏼
Catching up on some much needed cuddles👶
those moments when yoonmin hold hands at the end of the concert and bow together 👬
Yes YESSSS!!✨✨✨
Oh we doing Trans-Young now 🌝🧐
Everything that makes me happy in one picture❤️
God bless you for that HSBC advert 🤣 I literally thought it was anti Brexit advert 🤣
Ive been waiting for this day ever since he chipped De Gea at his near post at OT ☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️👋🏾
Hahaha true!' It might be full of disappointments as well as misunderstandings unfortunately.. 😅
Schedule your personal  session with me💁 TODAY❗️ lets talk dirty👅💦and be naughty😈just email👉SaraJayLive u…
I got the worst luck wit loveeee 😭
Keep your eyes 👀 peeled our new website is launching in a matter of days! Brand new exciting website for a brand n…
The big zelda giveaway is back at 🎉🎉
where can I go physically pick up a National Championship Shirt?😁🏆⚡️🔛
Value of the car just plummeted, and he’s not accumulating any credit because he paid cash🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
You could NEVER get a woman like me.. you're a pathetic drip 💧
Lyrics 🔥👏👌😍  😘 | | 🎉 |  |  Watch 👇😊…
😂😭😂 Me, me, me, me, me 🙋🏽‍♀️
How y’all move forward from that dry ass convo 😭
PRE MATCH | The lads have arrived for today’s game. in joker mode as usual 😂
Sounds like Barcelona have won the tug-of-war 💪
i swear this weather just makes me not wanna do shit😂😂😂
Finally costa sell coconut milk 🥥happy  @ Costa Coffee
🔥🔥Puma Bape Ape Hoodie Collab!!! 75% OFF 💥💥😍 Trendy SALE!!🎄 FREE SHIPPING!! 🌍 (Limited Stock) …
*steps outside to take picture and goes back to bed* ☃️🌨️❄
Love those Limbaugh guys! 🇺🇸
[!!] The queue in front of Club Gabbia where  perform tonight 💥
Downloaded 😂👌🏼
Penguins make me happy 😍🤗
Chocolate milk, random candy and chips. 😂 I just looked those up thought and t…
I can hold a conversation over text but what i won’t do is force one 🤷🏽‍♀️
the original "is water wet" 😂
Gudak Cam Alternative for Android? Get the FEELM CLASSIC - ANALOG FILTERS app now for only ₱20 load! 📩 DM us now! https://…
My waves🌊
From all the questions he doesnt ask when he gets the chance seems theres plenty he doesnt realise 😥
If Devil is like a cat.. then he’d flick his ears too no? 😂 (Trying out animating in Clip app)
My sleep schedule??? 🗑🗑🗑
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite people, so proud of you and miss you already😔❤️ Love you!!
❗ All the details on new signing, 🔵🔴
Love what she wearing 👅👅👅
Thank you fam 😭💜 2018 is BTS year for…
MY GIRLFRIEND, SHE IS A BIG FAN OF THE SHOW ALSO 💯👍
I found treasure 😍 this old pic is too precious ;;
I've got my own profile up on 🤙🏼
You been trying to build a case against me for a week 🤦🏽‍♀️
Rose's book "The subtle art of not giving a fxck" 😂😂
Thank you ! 😂 Please ask us gentle questions and then shoot your shots after 9pm 👅
at the military camp 💕   📷 jongbunseo on IG
When the food is good !! 🐶🎶😮😄🎵
RETWEET to be entered to win a hoodie &amp; toque! What’s your favourite spot on the west coast?? 🗻🗻🗻
MARK...😂😂😂
Every body...SMILE 😊
same 😂
Aye if you see Donald Trump tell em we said 🖕🏾’em...... For the kulture
Lmfaoooo “COME ON LETS ROLL” they had my nigga Jesus fucked up ! 😂😂
i need a roommate 🙄
SUPPORT YOUR FRIENDS ✨ A thread ❤️
🗣 DIVORCE HIM
Pittsburgh bakery has been sending cookies to overseas troops for 20 years🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 Nancy B’s Bakery 415 West…
🦑  🐙  Money !! 📱 ⌛️ END…
JuJu's having a tough time tricking Steelers fans 😂
Happy Friday!!!! 😁😁😁
Penguin falls down resulting in best sound ever 😂
Just jumped on Fortnite for practise and got a solid solo win, 5 kills. I’m getting better team, stream later 👊🏻
I record myself more than I take pics 😂🤷🏽‍♂️
I finally have a Saturday off and both and are actually working a Saturday 😑
Y'all thought today's handshakes were crazy? 😂😂😂
👧🏻: (in chi) sehun, can you show us your chinese ability? 🐥: are you asking me what i can say? 👼🏻: wow! 🐻: he understood! 🐻: t…
298 Days Until  🎃
Happy New Years !!! Every Year Is Your Year Your Just Making Progress Wishing Nothing But Blessing For Y’all In 2018 🙏🏾
Fresh haircut and ✌🏼. 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
No mucking about from Pep with this starting XI 😳
Full Movie: Working methods with two bad girls... 👻Add me on snapchat: mylila94 👻 …
New music? Yeh? Am I right? Pray say I am 😘
Gave up a year ago.. 😔
Did you miss us?    🎈
All dressed up and... Still waiting on my best friend to get up, get dressed and drive over here 🕐💀 …
🌳: Hug a tree
Any Dragon ball Z fans here? 🤣
Hulu live don’t have NBC as a live network 😒
Travis is for the kids, brings 9 year old on stage to perform Goosebumps with 😭😭🔥
Thank you baby doll! Missing you so much. Love you! ❤
I thought about you when I saw this dandelion Make a wish. Take a chance. Make a change. And breakaway, Meng. ✨💛 h…
🦋🦋 Tushy - I want your giant cock inside me.
If they say 28-3 one mo time 😡
Fight for the fairytale. 💕👑
Hina Khan is Trending on Google Also Rocks Thanks everyone love u Hinaholic ❤❤❤❤❤❤
he looking like "hell nahh ima just shit in the house, fuck this" 💀💀
rt if u stan - park jimin - jeon jungkook - jung hoseok - min yoongi follow whoever rts ❗
What a WIN !! To all the titans fans who made the trip .. thank you !! All praise to the Most High 🙏🏼
It's so strange not being able to call malika and have a nightly gossip session 😫
oh no 😂
⚡SUPER GAIN⚡ 👉Retweet + Like if you're online 👉Follow everyone who RT + Like 👉Gain 300+ Active followers NOW!
prospect Lias Andersson throws his 🥈 into the crowd.  🇸🇪
Tip: turn on my tweet notification for a follow ❤️
Ion Trust Shit , A Mf Will Fold For The Right Price ❕
Happy birthday Manda!!! Have a great day girly, ily 💗💗
IM LAUGHING SO HARD 😂😂
I work with them 😏
Retro Twist Shades 🌀 Shop:
Enjoy 39 Videos here👉
Unfortunately this is result of many mothers never taken folic acid...... 😠😠
Go watch new video 👽 "BOOTY WORKOUTS W/ JEN SELTER" ✨ ✨ give it like…
✨ Add effortless style &amp; transform your home into a chic haven, with the Atlantic Ocean rug ✨…
Morning lovers ❄ Stay warm . . .
baekhyun told taemin “seeing our eris cry... my heart hurts so much” we don't deserve him 😭
Thank you boo! I love &amp; miss you guys soooo much all my friends know about all of you 💕
DM ME PLEASEEE😭😭😭
Zionism is relentlessly evil.  🇵🇸
We aren’t your basic basketball team 🤷🏽‍♀️
Don’t mind him! He’s upset! He didn’t know what alcohol does to your kidneys and liver. 😂 and I had time.
I’m old enough to buy this shit now since my momma was acting funny back in the day. 😈
Again TOUCHDOWN 😝
Can’t stop, won’t stop 👊🏼
Need to start looking for my active follower of the month so I can get them a Sephora E-Gift card😋✨
Hey Pat Schumer ... you’ll be playing the EAGLES two times a year... YA GOTTA DO BETTER THAN THIS. 🏈🤦🏻‍♂️
Check out the shot my 11 year old son Cameron got!  🏀🔥💯
Brotherhood 🦅
ultimate look™ GO GO |
There literally is not one person on CNN I can watch. 😡
🚨OFFICIAL POLL: Who do you blame for the
Mistake got down throw 9'd in pools and now he's in GF. Smash...4??? 🙄
‼️ARMY! a large kfanbase changed admins and have DELETED all their voting tweets. however karmys have this handled and…
Messi is soccer!!!!! tf!!! he knows how to play soccer too much!!! it’s just too much. it’s a pleasure to watch him!!🔥🔥🔥🔥
Why would you hurt the GRONK😭
Always fresh, check out the showcase from WOD All-Star at  💯 The full video drops today at …
wins!!! Bows (13-5, 4-1 BW) now in sole possession of first place in the Big West! 🌈🏀💪🏾 leads the…
The most dangerous place for journalists is the Arab region with 191 journalists killed between 2012 and 2016. ℹ️ Discover mo…
After 5hours of Combined Service in Church and Hunger is already knocking.... The Pastor: Let's share the Grace ... Me:😂😂😂…
my boyfriend don't even know i'm his girlfriend😪🙃
True story.
New pins + restocks are now up in my store! 💖🌿
rt / like 2 b in a promo gc ! 💌 - adding everyone - if you don't get added = ur dms aren't open - like everythinnn
Trump changes message on White House call in line!!🤬.
Back to the Millennium!  Vote your favourite track from &amp;  Watch f…
That ending with goodbye😢
How to dress for your body shape ❤️
It’s the mates you meet later on in life that are the ones you wanna stay about 😄
this is now a year old 🙄😊
West side are on there way to the semi final in the Budweiser cup after basher FC forfeited at the last minute ⚽️
Shout out to my brother this is a blessing 🙏🏾 and his staff shows once again that we have a 1s…
LAZIEST. CAT. EVER. 😹
i hope recovery does good 😂
This 👇🏼
🚀Join $IOST 6Mn AIRDROP🚀. IOST, an innovative scalable ecosystem for decentralized services, is now available on Hu…
I’m old enough to buy this shit now since my momma was acting funny back in the day. 😈
Hell yeah!!! 🦅🦅
When you put yourself in a position where people need you and you not need them is a wonderful feeling 😎
I’m feeling a little Cuban 🤦🏻‍♂️
I would of said this on my personal account, but then no-one would have replied anyway 😂 so here 5k+ Grime fans, this is the real.
First single of  Eagerly waiting 🤘
Short 😆
Back to New Zealand now. It's good to be home but also not 😭💔 These 4 days in Sydney were definitely for the books! Thank…
AT LAST MY DANIK OMG BABY 😭😢
don't worry I vote 10 times today. waiting 12 am to vote again 👏🏼👏🏼
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
raise your hand if you miss anne curtis' long hair so much! i am guilty ✋
1️⃣🆒⏸→ NASTY AWAKENING : &amp; ⎥📽
💥 GIVEAWAY 💥 Win this signed signed by 1️⃣ Follow 2️⃣ Retweet this tweet!…
You don't want to happen again on GDA right? BTS, didn't receive the award for Global Popularity because we lose it. 😞…
YOU THO 💓 FUCKIN 💞 PRECIOUTH 💖 WHEN YOU 💝 THMILE 💓💞💝💘💖💕❣️❤️🧡💛💚💙💜
army, follow who retweets this 🍓
Did a pinup shoot today for ❤️
When you’re not old enough to get in the club yet 😂😂😂 -
An introvert's dream 😉: This store lets customers choose whether they want to be bothered by the staff (c) reddit/r/mildlyint…
omg thank you jing!! i miss you too 😟 hope you're well! ❤
🔆Do you want followers❓ ➊ Follow me &amp; retweet this🔸 ➋ Follow all those who rt &amp; like🔸 ➌ Followback everyone🔸 🔆Turn my notificat…
it’s cold nuh rass outside!😩
Tu mera dil,Tu meri Jaan O!I love u Dady😆 This is especially 4 you little Cham😘u mean the world 4 ur Mom Dad❤Happiest B…
[⭐️] Our nightly MASS-VOTING starts NOW! KEYWORD: “GO GO” The other side’s voting rate keeps increasing! Let’s try harder…
Scalability generated heat debates in our community. Parallel processing gives us a hint. 😏
@ the Homme Menswear Fall/Winter 2018-19 show in Paris 🔥🔥🔥
Ayo what is in Houston, TX water? Seem like every girl down there thick af 😫
is that 🤣
When will we gonna see OT9's Grand Entrace😔    EXO KO…
THIS PICTURE WILL NOT BE LOST IN HISTORY. RETWEET IT. POST IT. PRINT IT. FRAME IT. SPREAD IT. ✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾 …
1500 follower raffle because I love you guys &amp; want to see &amp; draw your cutie fursonas 🧡💜🧡💜🧡💜🧡 🔸RT + follow to enter 🔸Post…
Beauty 😍😍
Hillary’s diagnosis ⬇️
Dior Men's Show ❤️
You can also request on other social media platforms! ▪️IG: ▪️FB: ▪️S…
Exollllll Exollll can you follow me 😉 I love you so much all 😄😍
The B.O.A.T!! Jags up 7-3 👀
Carrie would be SO proud! Resist. Register. VOTE! 👊
Love you 😍 😍😍😍
Meanwhile here in 🇨🇦we had these same  in 3 or 4 of our major cities. Cl…
can’t nobody change the way i feel about you but YOU 🗣👎🏾 ...
It’s so sad people will never be satisfied ,they really choose to be negative ..That’s why i don’t say shit 🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️
⚠If you're donating your points to other people, MAKE SURE TO ASK THEM TO WATERMARK THEIR VOTING HISTORY!⚠ You have to…
This is not good. Yikes I am scared. 😥
I literally have no idea why that video got so many views😂
Happy Birthday TOOO MEE 💖👑💋😘
I promise you I always win in the End 💁🏾‍♀️ain’t no such thing as taking L’s issa MINOR setback for a MAJOR comeback 💁🏾‍♀️
hahaha lmao yes, they are .. thank you for reading 💜
I haven’t drank in 10 months.....I was lit off one margarita. 😩😂
Other fandom is having a mss voting for SMA KWAVE! Don't let the gap grow! ↪️ For points donations SMA GLOBAL code: dx…
Schedule for the week is lowkey hitting 💃🏽
Isnt he yummy??? 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻🍌🍌🍌👅👅👅🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Pat’s 👍 &amp; the GOAT👍
I hate these braids 😡😂
WANT 👅😍
it's 20 fucking 18, we too old to be "talking" either you my nigga or my friend. Period 😂 get right or get left dumbas…
Why you got hair coming out yo nose 😂
actions speak louder than words 🗣 show me better than you telling me!
Gain Active Followers Quick! 👉 Rt if u follow Back. 👉 Follow Rts &amp; Likes. 👉 Follow Back. Gain 500+ Now! 🇰🇪🇿🇦🇹🇿…
Ramen 🍜
Fuck partying, roll that backwood up 💨
excited for cat dva 🐱💖
What were you saying about that fancy car? 👏
room divider glasses 🚶🏽🚶🏽🏃🏽🏃🏽🏃🏽🏃🏽🏃🏽
U seem amazing! — thank you dear 💜 that means a lot to me!!
So I tried making eggplant parm🍆🧀 waiting on it now as it cooks ... however my breading game is way…
Oh my god. That square pizza at lunchtime was legendary 🤤
Fuck You skinny bitches 🌚 Get you a girl with curves 🤪
☃️⚽️ Awesome effort as always from the Little Messys! - -
Bae coman buy hair for me 😍😍😍
🏆 1⃣RETWEET this🤖 2⃣FOLLOW all that LIKE &amp; RETWEET👾 3⃣FOLLOW back all that FOLLOW you👽 4⃣GAIN with…
💀💀💀a new season and he’s still on this? Why does it matter when either plays?
💩 And that's EXACTLY what he's doing!  💩  💀
🚨donations are highly appreciated, keep sending them in🚨 usercode: ilzq5
"Our Big Break" ©
MY ALBUM IS NUMBER 1 ON BILLBOARD HOT 200!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭…
Nice work last night by F Mika Cyr ( with 1🍏 and 55% (6/11) FOW. 5 points in his last 5…
And do NOT get me started on how y’all definitely wasn’t checking for Wanda Sikes . 😒
SF = no one even blinks when I throw in I'm an atheist! 😢😂
This is perfect 😂😂😂
How to Pronounce Workalurking ↺RT❤
Thank god thats not my last European game in Thomond 🙏🏾 Atmosphere was electric👌🏾 Messi,Neymar+Scholesy😂😂  https://t.…
The sticker deserves another sticker on top of it. 😁🤫
Drippin wit to much sauce 🅱️ 💦💦
Healthy Orange, Butternut &amp; Poppy Seed Loaf - the perfect accompaniment to your next coffee break 💛…
📷 swordingering: How much time has passed… ?
Africans let us connect and Gain 300+💯 👇👇👇 Retweet this 💯 Like this 💯 Follow All who retweet and Like 💯 Follow me, I foll…
Help spread the word👀
🔹 AK-47 | Case Hardened Giveaway * Winners in 24 ho…
You don’t smoke what I smoke lil nigga🔥
ARMY! I'm gonna need all of you to create NEW accounts if you already voted!📣 🔥we need to have accounts ready for the…
GIVEAWAY in the courtesy of 😎 "5x TOTY ITEMS PACK" GIVING IT AWAY TO 2 LUCKY WINNERS !! 🔥 To Enter : 1…
3 out of 4. ♥️ these girls so much!!
PT 1 The history of suffering caused by Islam you may not know by Please Share
16. who’s that pokemon? 🔥🦎
She's so wet 😍
Beagle puppies 🐶
Catch IV of Spades, Moonstar88, Autotelic and many more in  on February 3 at the Ateneo High School Grounds! 🤘🏻…
Is that and I see? 🤔🤔
SO CUTE✌🏻
Examples? 👀
🚨🚨🚨Vote 🚨🚨🚨 We will fall further behind if we don't come first today!! All EXO-Ls lets go!!! 🚨🚨🚨
🎝 Big Things Poppin' (Do It) 🔂
Had a great time can’t wait to watch you play for the Sooners!  ❤️ https://t.…
mother nature sure is beautiful 🙏🏽
Whew! This is an explosive betrayal of trust! Wonder what has to say.❓
jhene aiko be singing the nastiest lyrics in the most peaceful way possible😭
Vikings fans casually walking into the stadium while Eagles fans casually hurl FULL, UNOPENED cans of beer at them ... 🙄😠…
Idris Elba at the Deadline Studios for the Sundance Film Festival 🖤
Have you ever seen such love beetween a dog and human ❤️😭
Most of your depression is caused by over-thinking. 😞
[FICTION]     CH9 🐾 :
Some people be dancing shackles shackles instead of shaku shaku 😂
thanks so much😌 very nice to finally meet you!!
shower sex old, fuck her in a tree while it's rains 💯
Just motivates you to wanna get your shit together 😭
Why was I in bees knees screaming the words to songs I don’t know the words to on Snapchat last night 🤔
Let’s hope you stay up pal. All the best lad 🤘🏻
Poor baby! 😢
The origin of Kisiis is Italy, Romantic language AF 😍😍😍❤🔥🇰🇪
Heol seriously?? SUZY Only you Fancam in fb hit 6.5M View in 1hour? 😱😱😱
I hate u for making me feel like this💔
RT if you wanna know if Camila is number  and wondering why tf is taking SO LONG! 😩
ʸᵒᵘ ˢᵒ ᶠᵘᶜᴷᶦⁿ ᵖʳᵉᶜᶦᵒᵘˢ ʷʰᵉⁿ ʸᵒᵘ 💖💓💕💝 💘SMILE💗 ❣️💟❤️💚
So true. 😃
Let's hope I don't wake up tomorrow so I don't have to go to work 🙃
Hahah, hate you smay 😂😂😂😂
I guess I’m rocking with the Eagles today 😏
Happy Belichick 🤣 🐐
Day 137 💌 - You're my water when i'm stuck in the desert. ♡
new beat👇
Messed up the first game by a few points. Sorry for the inconvenience 😜
Heal fast Gronk 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
😭🤣 Bro This The Funniest Shit Ever
Love this color on me 😍😍!
MY ALBUM IS NUMBER 1 ON BILLBOARD HOT 200!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭…
When he calls you beautiful 😩
Amendola is EATING 😳
[BTS] 24 Hours🕐 Cr.sammihyt
180118 — © honey chaeng all black ☕️
Sounds like Chelsea don’t know who to sign 😂😂
Ah, that's no problem, then! Language won't stop us to become close 😊
The workout hijabs are expensive af. But if I found a company I wanted to help out I would buy one. 😊
Song Geu Rim fighting!💕
Twitter is the gift that keeps on giving 😂
Lilo y Stitch* ♥️
hello friends💞🌐happy new year 2018 to all💞🎥 my non-profit sites …
🗣🔊Tomorrow is Wear Your Favorite Color Day a Everyone should wear as much as their favorite color as possible.
📷unknown
and new song and video tho😍😍😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ I lovvvvvee it!!!!!! OMG downloading it soon!!
that smile ✨💕
Please, I need more moments like this😭
Wanna see insidious this weekend tho 👀👀
cough cough I like meaningful presents 🎁😍 *Drops hint
Twitter is the gift that keeps on giving 😂
A lot has changed in 4-5weeks😳
I had TWO NAILS break today please send help 🆘🆘🆘
🗣SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE LADIES IN THE BACK
I'm just glad I was cringey at 15 and not at 20+. 🤣
Trying to be more adventurous with the most neutral colours possible 🙈
shoutout to anyone who gets to have 3weeks of holiday vacation but does all their homeworks the night before school starts 😎💯
Thank you ❤️
Jannat me me u ko 10,seat de dn GI 😜
[CY'sHeartbeat.]   's 2017 Birthday Project Update Here's how our heartbeat card looks like! ❤️
Bans x Storm get this to 120k 🤞🏽⚡️
New Year's Resolution 👇
Me v. Everybody single releases Friday at 11PM on    🔥🥊 …
I need me a whole new phone 😂😂😂
Jokes on you... 💁🏼
This senator..THIS SENATOR IS CALLING TRUMP CRAZY... THIS ONE 👇🏻😆😆😆
This queen deserves the world 🦋💛
6BCLGTH = 45.70 Odds Jump on this ONE 😍 ✅✅ Retweet ✅✅
😳 &gt; INSANE! It doesn't get much crazier than this! Incredibly intelligent cricket from Sarah Aley on the final ball of our…
Gotta be there for your girl when she's getting her nails done 💅🏼
My girlfriend is cute thou 💕😍...
Stash Goals 💯
late night writing. ✍🏼
Our national tour 😄🏁🇮🇪🚴🏽👍 the stats speak for themselves, as a 5 time stage winner and points winners, I can safely say it’…
3. “Welcome to the hood” I cry everytime 😭😭
Retail therapy 😌
I can’t trust a bitch cuz I got issues 🤷🏾‍♂️
🤤Follow me &amp; everyone who retweet it.
Cheikhna, calm down, it's only Diyas 😂
Good afternoon! 😊
THEY’RE MAKING A HTGAWM/SCANDAL CROSSOVER I’M SHOOK 😍😭
HAPPY 1️⃣8️⃣th BIRTHDAY TO MY MAN🎉‼️ I FINALLY GOT ME A GROWN MAN YALL🎯🎊
This is taking stan twitter to a whole different level💀💀💀
God Bless you my g 🙏🏾
This was me on New Years. But this picture wasn’t from New Years. 😵
duckface-ing after successfully lifting the barbell, yassss bitch! 💁
"Capital Letters" by Hailee Steinfeld will be on the soundtrack for  🎶 [Here she is with
OK SO I LOST A STUPID GAME WITH POC VERSIONS™️ AND THIS IS MY FUCKING PUNISHMENT Don’t @ me about the following things:…
Fuck you for sending me that shit too and wasting my time 😤😤😤
Tartelette toasted palette, must be following me to enter ✨
Weather’s bad? 🌨🌨🌨 That's too bad. There's no excuse to show up late in New England: …
💕💕 send the pool
Came to pick up Kobe from my Naners house after work they were eating soup &amp; crackers. “THEY” 🙄
Tired of my Tears Putting me To Sleep 😪
Don’t wait for everything to be perfect before you decide to enjoy your life 🌸
just wanted to say you’re appreciated by me and i love u to pieces 💞
No disqualification, no limits! &amp; tear up the Tokyo Dome! Watch Now（English Commentary）▶︎https:/…
SHE IS AT THAT🇺🇸🇺🇸👍👍 ONE OF THE BEST!! IM A BETTER PERSON KNOWING
Love you my loves goodnight! I will be more active on twitter this weekend 💖 also follow my sc: DuaLipa
Like, £200 😭
MSM still adapting to Trumps tweeting 🐦🐦🐦 As Trumps base gets news directly from
My brother made ceviche 😭😍
It's wet for now in it 🤔🤔🍻
You Got It 🙏🏾
lil seventeen album 👌🏼😩🔥
Hi all, I am doing a giveaway for 10,000 XVG 🚀1- Follow me , 2-Retweet , 3- Comment your wallet ID , 4- like this post .…
not my problem 🤐
BREAKING | ✍️ remains on loan with the Bantams, from until the end of the season. Star man is stay…
Wtf man😭 It went for “My Baby This Week” to “My Toddler This Week”💔
😱 Notifications squad 😱 ❄️AWP | Pit Viper❄️ 1. Retweet 2. Follow us 5 minutes ⚡️
pile 😈
Amina woke up for me at 6:40 am to wake me up for class if that’s not goals idk what it 🤧
I’ll be there in March! 😛
RT: Comfort Inn comfortinn  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
😭😭😭😭😭 i really hate you
I want these exams over, my life back, and to be back getting smashed with the best in Brighton🕺🏽🥂
Done!!!!🙌🏼❤️🤞
Can we just take a moment to reflect on the beauty that is  🔥🔥😍😍
😂😂😂😂😂You Crazy Man
if the dont see how much effort you put in them, Let it go! Atleast you tried🤗
According to reports, Kevin Gates will be released from prison on Wednesday after serving 9 months! 🙌🙏💯 https…
OMG! The sandwich Gods have just sent down a blessing from sandwich heaven. I was so hungry! 😇😍🙌👅👏…
It ain’t no game out here with Turning the  into a war. Y’all LUCKY I like pups
When girls have a male *bff* it means *been fucking forever* stay woke fellas😂
Understand, the future is WOMAN! ✨💛
So I just woke up from a six hour nap 😴 and I'm obviously going to be stuck awake all night long 🤦🏻‍♂️ and it's...
My handsome boy 💗
😂😂😂😂😂 I know you always got my back😂😂😂
My breath could’ve been hotter den da desert I still fucked 😂😂😂😂
The Video of the sports driver, who drove his followers crazy! ¡OMG!🙈🙈
Giving away ALL of this stuff (fidget spinners not included) 😉 Follow/Retweet to enter! Will pick winners at random when I…
© FREE LOOP
Top of the Top. Thank God for another day. Be great today.
this me sober🤤
Nope 😘 I always realize ;))
So cute 💓 Aww
Every time Fitz sees Olivia, you can see the love in his eyes. Urgh my heart 😭💓
Ouuuu Issa family congrats 😊 you have the same #
Hey what’s it take to come hangout and DJ with all you guys🤔🔮
Dad sees snow covered table, and proceeds to cut/eat it like a cake. 🎂😂
pt9 (finale) ako: san ko ipuputok? daks na bot: dito nalang sa dibdib ko shhht sarap! 💦🍌 gusto ko na sya gawing fubu hope…
HE FINALLY MADE IT... AND IT IS TOTALLY WORTH IT ! 💯💯💯 's onlyfans is everything you could hope f…
New year, new line up 💀
A kind thought from M... sofa’s are so much better👍
I bought this Cactuar purse thinking it was a bag. Doh!! 😂😂
👉Watch movies Adult Anime of All Time👉 👉
🚨🆘🚨VERY  Plz  poor little boy A300308, Memphis. Poor sweetie's Euth listed @ packed shelter.
Aye if you see Donald Trump tell em we said 🖕🏾’em...... For the kulture
RT: Sully Station II Community Association for       🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Happy Birthday ‼️ Hope you have the greatest day ever because you deserve nothing short of it
katty perry love u i want so much to come to greece kisses😘
Follow everyone who Retweets &amp; Likes this🚙
Dude just silenced the crowd at a cornhole tournament like he was Kobe in his prime 😂
Okay. Sounds good. !!👌🏾
If you're a Nigerian or You want 🇳🇬 Followers, Retweet this, Follow Me😊 Follow everyone who retweets 🔑🔑🔑 And reply IFB…
Where did regular season stats rank in the NFL in 2017? 1️⃣st in Carries (321) 2️⃣nd in Yards from Scrimmage (…
G⚽️⚽️D MORNING!!!
😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 DUUUDE...
When i was little my look of irritation when mom talked about me getting married and giving her grandchildren.😕 https://t.…
Happy birthday my dear friend Junko. 🎂🎻🎈🎀🎁🏮🎐🎎🎉🎊⚜️ ⛩️Japan, Tohoku Region, Miyagi Prefecture, Sendai-Shi, Aoba-ku, Tori gat…
Full Gallery: Steamy blondie with smoky eyes getting r... 👻Add me on snapchat: itsAbigail69…
We have insiders like a mf 🤣
Hope you all have a wonderful new year! ✨✨
RT: Hampton inn HamptonByHilton  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Welcome to my life Eve... let’s find out how it will work with both of us. 😂🍾
happiness x sunlight ✨😊
sunset over sydney 🇦🇺 @ Watsons Bay, New South Wales, Australia
Sis I swear we didn’t grow up for this 😭
Malaysia’s finest. 👌🏼
Nice looking👍
Let it Snow!!❄️☃️💨🌨SSU finally gets to experience an icy winter⛄️❄️!!   🌨  https://t…
🔥 SEE FULL VIDEO 🔥 🔥••► 🔥••► 🔥••► …
me⚛irl
😂😂😂 if you seen Zootopia you know how funny this is 😂
❤DW BESI COUPLE PREMIUM❤ . RM80 (COUPLE SET) . Details: 🔸freepostage SM &amp; SS 🔸dapat fullset mcm…
Vote for  below 👇
You look amazing 🌼
Rest In Peace angel 🙏❤
GO VOTE‼️
Wed. Jan. 10th Stay Woke Ent. Presents “💜YKWTFGO💛” ASU Official…
My man would slap any friendly ass hoe that try’s to act friendly when I’m not wit him 😂💀
180105 Sungjae @ ‘The Butler’ Press Conference💙
what did we do to deserve dogs 😍
Maybe it’s just me but she snapped. 🔥😈😍
I’M A BABY &amp; A KILL 🎯 💔HELP ME💔 💵PLEDGE😭FOSTER❤️ADOPT   via ht…
Again, how NOT to approach Royalty. 👇🏼dumb ass weirdos
Coming Next Is Songs From  🔥🎵
Hi Gentleman ;) Come play with me this weekend 🌹
I have 0 Korean knowledge so I have no idea what this song is about, but I still love it 👌🏻
ian playing imessage games w tatyanna no more this hoe cheats so much 😂🙄
Awwww dankiiii❤❤❤❤❤
"I'd drive through the night just to be near you, baby" ❤️ Oh take it easy on my heart! Filipino
Caribbean Rocks concert in March. Lemme look for my outfit from now 🙌🏾
the weatherman deleted the tweet 😂😂😂😂😂
When the DC sniper was out I was in 2nd grade 😂these niggas dead ass told us to run to our parents car in a zigzag…
After 3months of dating you tell her she doesn't have to order from the Dollar menu anymore. 🤣
1: Retweet this🍕✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🍕✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🍕✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
HIGHHHH 🤪
Katt Williams tells what really happened to Dave Chapelle in Hollywood 👁
Arab pride 💜😍
Misplaced priorities 😕😕
🤲🏽 hold this
💟 My goal is not to be better than anyone else. But to be better than I used to be. 📚 Dr Wayne W. Dyer …
⭐️Unity Pixel Art Tips 2018⭐️ Are you working on a Unity project, but your Pixel Art sprites look blurry and distorted? Don't…
180118 ♡₊˚⁎ ©: naver dispatch
There is so much negativity going on Twitter (and the world) lately, that everyone deserves some CUTE on their timeline🧡💙🧡💙…
So what was you doing at 21 🤔... order your full customisable shirts online.
🎈🐕🎈🐷🎈🐕🎈🐷🎈🐕🎈 "Wake up bro ... it's high time to play around and have fun" - "Only 5 minutes more friend ... " 🐾🐾🐾🐾 https:…
[     01/26 Media Clip : Preview Ep.301 - JBJ(제이비제이) _ Preview 📺 Tuesday, Janua…
Mini pizza bites! 😋 via (ig) twisted_food
Like I still feel like shit 😫
Sleepy 🍊
Are you having the foot op next? The oldest has come home for the weekend 😂
😐 Twitter wtf is this
In the middle of a game tho🤣
I’m crying 😂😂😂😂
happy bday 💜 hope we can have a dance party soon
it’s so easy! you’ll be fine 😊
Someone dies from suicide every 40 seconds ⚠️ In 2017 an estimated 1 million people died from suicide It is estimated…
tee hee - I set it up as he didnt have a website xx 🦖😎
Here’s the link to the one on one meet &amp; greet pics❤️
[FANTAKEN] – 180126 Kibum at Gimpo Airport with Taemin, to Japan for their concerts’ rehearsals. ✈️ Have a safe flig…
1: 🏎Retweet this🔲 2: 🔲Like this🏎 3: 🏎Follow all who like and rt this🔲 4: 🔲Follow back all that follow you🏎 5: 🏎Gain followe…
Jesy Nelson 🌻
⚫⚫⚫ WELCOME ON MY HARD HOT DICKY. 😍😄😍 Hook up hot man 👉 🔥👅💋💦
Tennessee at that old lady’s cabin we stayed at💀
Happy Birthday to the Queen of my Queen 😘
thank you  by 🌹
OH MY GOSH JANINA! First was Cole and now 😭😭❤️❤️❤️
Rt,dm😼
🙌 is LIVE on  right now 🔗 - if your still reading this you need to ask y…
He has a family you know... 😭😭
yolo ing for nero using tickets but got Marie instead,,,, but I love her!!!!!! so it's ok!!!!! ❤❤
🙏 called us to pray for a 9 year old little girl facing a serious surgery.…
Once upon a time ❤️   🚢🌊
I been set up 😂😂😂😂
The  Pirate Festival meets the NHL this weekend at  in Tampa. ☠️ Ep. 3: The  goes missing. http…
I saw Elle sticking a Hawaiian bread in Austin’s pocket and I didn’t say anything 😐
WHY DID THEY DELETE THIS SCENE?!? 😂
LOL so this is actually the lyrics of this part?!🤣 I’m sorry but “Succ a dicc~break a dicc~succ a dicc~break a dicc” will…
These photos of in an arcade are the best things I've seen today 🎮⚡️🎟
thank youu💖
A 9-year-old named Raven made her family adopt the oldest dog in the shelter ❤️
I need me a luh shawty 😢but people be playin these days 😶
Positive vibes only❗️💥
idc if its 1am , 2am , 3am , or 4am if you call and i care bout you imma pick up 🗣
A little underboob goes a long way (55 Photos) 🍎
Jus showed my mom the video! 😂😂 uthi the screaming girl is probably horny angeke 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Follow me and everyone who likes this tweet.  🐧🐼
Got a shawty in the cut that be on it. 😂
Love yourz❤️
JayZ So fuckin Slaw Its Sad 😂😂😂 Nd 3 6 Sum Memphis Shyt But On Sum Actual Lyrics Shyt NBA Killin Dem Folks
🇮🇳 Flag Hoisting By Mega Power Star  On  Sets Today!
Thai Actress, Woranuch Wongsawan's IG Update with Dara. "ME &amp; DARA ❤️ She’s so lovely and beautiful 🌷 daraxxi" …
EXO-Ls spam the comment section with your hashtags 💪💪
I wanna look like a snack, but I keep eating them 😭
180125     My Favorite 😊
🙌 A special moment for a special player! 🙌
A group photo  main cast in jejudo❤
I love you forever!!!!!! 💓💓💓💓✨❤️👅
I been threw worse so Ima over come all this envy and disloyalty 🦅
😱 LIE    RT to VOTE‼️ Fighting!💪🏻 🔥
Who else has ever bought any item(s) at ridiculous prices and then feel ashamed to tell anyone the real price😩😩 https://t…
When he said “payday not til next Friday.” I felt that on a spiritual level. 😂😂😂
📣 Are u certified ARMY? Now, guess this! 🎵Midneun ge anya 🎵Beotyeoboneun geoya 🎵Hal su issneun ge 🎵Da igeosppun-ilaseo…
that baby's gender is 2017 Dodge RAM® 2500 Crew Cab 6.7L Cummins® Diesel with Unsurpassed Warranty and Heavy Duty Towin…
When you wake up with 0 notifications and realized you mean nothing to anyone 💀
God, the way he looks at them...😭 ARMY will always be here beside you. The 7 of you. Nothing else matters.
Fun Fact: 🔥BTS is the 50th most viewed artist on Youtube of ALL TIME with over 4,308,000,000 views in total🌟 💎Their vi…
[🗳] LIE:    - (WINGS/YNWA)
🌹HD✨ 20180125 Seoul Music Festival Angel Mark with no wings (I can't control myself stay up late for editing photos…
I really want some Elote 😩
followed me. His partner got jealous. Not my issue to deal with. 💖
Really ?? Explaining your own joke?? Irony died under thousand ton weight 😂.
me: omg i’m dying someone call an ambulance! girl holding an empty starbucks cup: нαναηα σσн ηα ηα❤️
Cr logo weibo so lucky 😍😍😍 Sica so beautiful 😍😍
Thanks for all the love for the video and getting  trending all around the world! 🌍
good life ✨
Look I got to cuddle with cute lil puppies 🤗
🌸Gotta love that aesthetic 🌸
Very excited to add to complete the line-up 😬😬 Tickets:
FriYAY is here and it's time for your Ersties Crush! Our Crush of the week is Nicola 😍 That means her Ersties Gallery is Fre…
'The Magic Toyshop' - a classic and so pretty 😍
Follow For Follow 🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦
my bf surprised me with the distance bracelets from omg😍❤️
❤ ~ ❤ 💮 💮 💮 Join us on the Room 34 Discord! Discord [🔞]: …
Heidi’s getting her first groom on Monday 🐾😻
Chocolate caramel cheesecake ❤️👅
Am I a gamer girl yet ? 😂💩
Half the shii I know I couldnt even repeat 🌎 KRAZY AF
R25 for 1 at Food Lover’s 😭💔
Bitch 😩😩💯
I think That literally made the worst mistake by letting That tallent go....Please bring back Zhavia!! 💞
BRB CRYING 😭😭😭
I just can't believe it- 😂😂
His Smile is the most beautiful visual 😍😍😍I love you 😭 Credit : Insta !
old people 😂
WHY DID THEY DELETE THIS SCENE?!? 😂
🔥🔥Submission🔥🔥 ( )
Presents in our cabin! Tysm 🚢🌞
Currently 💁🏾‍♂️
Soooo, all I want for my birthday is the Jeffree Star Blood Sugar palette 🤤 pleaseeeee.
They had a paintball war in their hood😂😂
Straight out the jungle 🎶🎶
I want zhavia back she is literally queen I love her so much so much talent💛
ME ALWAYS WHEN IM TALKING TO SOMEONE 😂😂
😁😁😁 thank you boo. Love you too!!
Nigerians lets connect, Grow and Gain 400+💯 Retweet this 💯 Like this 💯 Follow All who retweet and Like 💯 Follow me, I fo…
Headie will always have my ratings💯
European EXOL`s need you!! ❤️
follow me ?💗
And thus the fandom gained 10 extra years of longevity and fic 🤣
Yahoo today on  was lit🔥🔥🔥
[CHECKPOINT] 🚧 Make This Tweet: 600 RTs 300 Replies The Faster, The Better! Tweet, Retweet, Quote &amp; Reply Using
Hit the retweet button only if you have found the BEAR. (No spoilers pls. Let others play the game. Thank you.) 😊 /via…
👀 👅 If you want more followers turn my notifications 🔛  😱🤓😎😫
Morning guys!! ☁️ I’ve started my workout but I wanted to remind you guys to workout for at least 30 min today 😊
Don’t forget Autopilot 🔥
I woke up this morning, changed the set of pajamas i was wearing, &amp; I was out the door. 🤷🏼‍♀️😂
“ I seen you liking bitches shit on Twitter , go fuck them then “ 😂
White people must be stopped 💀
[ NOT FOR FREE USE! ] some lineart for my new fursona’s ref!! 🖊
my patient helped me hit on the cute CT Tech today...so that’s an interesting way to end a shift... 🙂
Remember when j-armys showed their appreciation for jin's awake by applauding 🌟
Floral themed Quality Ladies 🌸
He took me to his home country, and now I don't want to go back to England 😩🇰🇪
Hahahaha go follow your dream 😂
The guy who said “more paint “ killed me😭😭
100 followers in 3 mins Retweet fast don't miss out 🔥🔥🔥 FOLLOW ME 4 GAINS 😀😀😀 Fast follows only !! Let's GOO 🔥🔥🔥🔥…
So proud of you💕
Morning lads, let me know when you need a coffee, rest or simply a full body massage 🤷🏻‍♂️🙈
💓 thank you for everything  💓 reply with what you’re thankful for RM, let’s show him our endless love ʕ…
John Kerry &amp; the founder of the church of Satan. Enough said...   👇
Yeah exactly always a silver lining 🍾🍾
171124 Creepin`up On You 🙆🏻
One FC rarely disappoints, they always put on great cards! 🥊🥋🤼 It's live now from Manila in the Philippines.. 👊…
💥 Free live sexcams, live sex shows! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ Click ••► Click ••► …
💯 points for teamwork! 👍🏻
😂😘 It’s so not easy is it? if only I could afford someone to do it all for me!
It’s you (7) I was looking all over for ♡ ©softjeon [
Just imagine 😭
Come n have your too... Don't keep the good news to yourself, like and share🌞🌞🌞💑💑💏💏
© JINSpoonful
❄IN THE SNOW❄ LITTLEBLOSSOM X CRESCENDO EXHIBITION IN SEOUl ❄신청폼
From number 9 yesterday, we're at number 5 today.. CONGRATS GUYS!!!😍 Let's keep on powervoting and powertweeting, Supe…
Easily the best US lower division soccer team name! Goodluck 🐜🍽⚽️
RT: Fairfax Community Church for   Educational Classes For Kids 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Open-Source Python Script for Getting Current Weather Conditions from WUnderground API 🌤️ 🌦️…
Mahesh anna...😘😘😘 Mahesh fanz now..😎😎😎
➖VOTE BTS NOW➖
I really don’t wanna go to work 😩😩
[📷] 180125 SMA | © JIMINHOME_1013
Friday w/ mood of take me to a gig now 😫😫
I like him 😂😂
‼️ARMYS‼️ jin is being attacked right now by some kfandoms, so let’s please get  to  worldwide to sh…
When he said “payday not til next Friday.” I felt that on a spiritual level. 😂😂😂
Is funny how it all started with a Mario game 😂🤦‍♀️
So proud ❤️❤️❤️
👅 GOOD GIRL 🍒
Brilliant thread 😂
who has my twitter notifications on?? Tee heee might surprise some of you and follow 🙈🌟
Tell me these aren’t the same song 😂 Culture vs. Culture II
My bed makes me never wanna get up 😩
YES....YOU ARE MY HAPPINESS ❤❤
love you so much, take your time 💖 x
Happy Friday 🙋🏾‍♀️
rt if u want some free makeup, i might just slide in ur dms 👀
Bitches got me oh so fucked up. Don’t bite the hand that feed you sweetie🤫
Why did I think was the girl in the green 💀😭😭
Get the bag 💰
Trust me daddy 🤦🏿‍♂️
What happens when the former middleweight champ goes for a ride at nearly 200 MPH? "IS THAT LEGAL?" -- Michael 😅😅 (…
Hell yea bro well deserved 💯🔥🔥🏈🏈
RT Ambiguity is the hallmark of NOIR. Read the post, get a FREE STORY. ➡
I really hate Mondays 😤
hey y’all. how’s your day going?😊 insta: joyisabellla | snap: joyisabellla
Did the One Palette Challenge using the Take Me to Brazil Palette 🌈
OMG!!! takes out on his birthday &amp; then takes out Heath!! 😳
A MAN! and DJ Khalid 🤮
serenity paper scrap. Adult colleges in cincinnati  CLICK HERE ➡➡ ⬅⬅
Bro is Carey Martin singing at the Grammys?? Good for her 😤
Shivery 😂😂 do you mean chivalry? 😭
a cup of tae with some suga and a kookie ☕️🍪👇😝👇💦💕💖❤️🤣
I love goalies so much 😂😂
🌘 　^^^~👳🏿~^^^ 　  ☁️ 　☁️ ☁️ A head with wings
📣Our voting rate is slightly decreasing📣 ☠This is the time of the day where our votes are usually fast! We can't slow d…
❄🍓    Taehyung with bandana Part II. He's actually been slaying with this look since 2015 👏❤🔥…
OH MY GOD CAN DUBAI FOUNTAIN EXTEND TO ANOTHER MONTH FOR POWER TO BE PLAYED THERE 😭 I BADLY WANT KYUNGSOO TO SEE TH…
Hello &amp; can you follow your fans RT this tweet? BRAZIL LOVES YOU 🇧🇷💕🇧🇷
More Followers? 🍸 Like Retweet Follow
Oh man! I hope luck is with me! 🐐😁. These are amazing!
🎁 ★ Bowie Knife | Tiger Tooth (Factory New)  🎁 🔥 RT &amp; Follow 🔥 Visit …
i wannttt💔💔💔
🌼 1ST GIVEAWAY 🌼 💐Rules ; -no need to follow (but dm/mt me if you want to be mutuals with me♡) -RT/Like this tweet -INA ONL…
That girl 🚺👧 © the_girl_icon IG  💛
IDC if yu 80 or 800 pounds YU LOVE YO MF SELF❗️
laying on my bed the whole day. 😴
BITCHES WIT GOOD PUSSY ALWAYS TRYNA MAKE AH NIGGA COME IN EARLY 😤😤 LIKE FIRST OF ALL BITCH ..........WHAT TIME DAMN 😭😭…
Rat taking a shower like human 🐁
Made this little edit today - 15 years apart, from Take This to Your Grave to MANIA Forever my favorite band 💜
Leonardo da Vinci and his wave😁
🔥 See me live, Sex Chat For Free! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤…
Curbstomp Jason Jordan on Raw 2mmarow Please 🙏🙏🙏
according to my bf, all girls do is “link up &amp; eat” ... little does he knows he’s 1000% correct but I’ll never admit that doe 😭😂
HE DID IT! CONGRATULATIONS TO THE WINNER OF ALBUM OF THE YEAR FOR  🎊🌟🥇  …
THY KINGDOM COME YHWH 📖 THY WILL BE DONE 📖 ON EARTH AS IT IS IN HEAVEN 📖 it is written, that the evil will be pl…
Unreal!! I love you all!!! ✨
Yea mine is pretty fucked on the screen... 🤷🏻‍♂️
I LOVE YOU 😩💕
⭐BTS MIC Drop &amp; DNA PLAYLIST⭐ 🎶Collection of BTS MVs ⏳Duration 07:41:43 ▶Play ❇ Use when sleepi…
🔞 Play new adult sex game online! 💥 New 3D sex game 🕹️Play it now 100% Free ↴ Click ••► Click ••► ht…
a smol baby bean eating 💗
⬇️⬇️⬇️↘️↘️↘️⤵️⤵️ Click to see more nudes ---&gt; Add her on snapchat: sedu…
Now that we have a few days left in January can we please skip February and just enter March😕
2018.01.26 South Club Hong Kong Press Conference ❗️Please do not crop the logo and edit the photos when you re-upload it. Th…
No deal🎰RIVERDALE PAID ME💧🐍🖤🖤LONG LIVE LOSO
rt for more in your dm ❣️
sing birthday song for Jackson 🎂💚
🚀Join $IOST 6Mn AIRDROP🚀. First official IOST live stream on YouTube and Periscope Sunday, January 28th @ 5 PM PST…
Nick Saban out here recruiting his ass off 😂😩😂😩😂
This song is a spiritual experience⚡️
I Did Not Watch and Do Not Watch The  ,  😂  only
Rihanna with the Gwara Gwara 🇿🇦  South Africa wins 😂😂😂
Looking back on sets of the past  Bristol 🇬🇧 Niamh in 2016
Grr.. Stop telling me tomorrow is Monday..! 😬
❤ Always my last dance.
I finished a whole anime in 2 days and that’s only because I stopped myself the first night so I didn’t finish in one day 😭
Ncaaaw cute... 😊😍
Never forget that Jin worked really hard for "AWAKE"💜 In this high note we can feel how much he loves his song 😭
Stop putting unsavory things on This is a CHRISTIAN website. 😡
TEAM MIC DROP 🎤
Beautiful 😍😍👌
this is our teacher😂😂
➖ 3hr before the first round ends!   👊🏻👊🏻 leggo leggo
Feeling like an empowered, strong and beautiful woman today. ✨
yassine i a reusside 😅
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (10pm - 11pm KST) 1. BTSARMY - 444.6K+ 🌟 2…
Black people be violating when they describing people. 😂😂😂😂😂😫 They Be Like “You know Joshua? Tall dirty nigga that stay we…
Halo fans💖
Michy Batshuayi the 33million pound flop has now scored more goals than 50million pound Lacazette this season 😗😗😗 https://…
Ezequiel Cerutti, Welcome to hilal 💙
Aye Trina snapped 😂
Oh no what did you do? 🙈😬😅
J: “You’ll never know how much I love to love you.” *points at Nadine* DI 😭 AKO 😭 MASANAY 😭 SANAY 😭 SA 😭 KILIG 😭
I missed the beginning BUT MR. R WON BAKER VS FAKER!!!! CONGRATULATIONS MR. R! YOU MADE US PROUD😭😭😭💙💛💙💛💙💛💙💛💙💛💙💛💙💛💙 https:…
Saudades McDreamy? 👀
From the  to the  I'm here for + friendship 💛
This feels like a return to the mid 1980's when no one in America cared about the US Men's National Soccer Team. Sigh 🇺🇸😢
How to Pronounce Cocky Locks ↺RT❤
🚨RED ALERT🚨 THIS VOTE IS TOMORROW.
I was having such a good day 🤦
HANBIN’S REACTION WHEN JINAN TROW THE FAKE SPIDER AT HIM 😂😂
Bare face ❤️
I love speech about   🙌🏻
🚨Monday's Scheduled Committee Vote on FISA Memo Opens Door for 👉👊President Trump Readout at  💥 Tick ⏰ Tock ⏰ Pl…
Spoil lah earphone ni 😪
Why you have to pay an extra $200 on textbooks just to pass a class.. 🤦🏾‍♂️
This is dopeeee!Tag some friends!go follow for more 💥-✅ Turn Post Notification On 👆🏽✅Follow, Like and…
Over here☝
omg thank you legend 💕
When Your Girl Finds That Other Girl Who Puts 😍 Under Your IG Pictures
Literally blocking niggas every day at this point 😂
Black people don't measure seasonings.🙅🏽‍♀️ We just sprinkle &amp; shake until we hear the spirits of our ancestors whisper "E…
!! With His Fans 😍👌😙 Latest Clicks 👍😊😙
This game has better response than the 2k HQ keep up the good work soon you’ll surpass them or maybe y’all already did 🤔🧐
making some orders for future testing clothing videos😏 for everyone asking where I put my clothes I wonder the same thi…
Let your success be revenge for the people who doubted you 💯
whoever did the tat on the left deserves jail time fr😤
Aye it’s some fucked up unloyal women out here to not just the guys women aren’t angels either 💯
real talk who wants to be my valentine 💝💘💖💞💕💗?
thanks for the like God bless you and god bless America 🇺🇸
My night was hilarious 😩😂
The Look™
is Queen &amp; King 👑💙 HiLeon fandom is beeest my baby ! 😎🤘🏻
GOAL! ⏱️ 45’  ⚽️ 2-1
Congratulations to our Women’s Sevens Team for winning  bronze! 🇨🇦🏉🥉
So Valentine is fast approaching and I'm still single AF 😥😥😥 who did I offend 😭😭😭
Getting easier to slip in😘
fashoooo 😭
lil uzi vert’s interview is the highlight of the night 😭
Take submissions feel free to submit👅😋💓
I am an: ⚪man ⚪woman 🔘Eastern Michigan University student Seeking: ⚪men ⚪women 🔘to be hit by a dining services golf ca…
Suga is a mool mandoo according to his mom 😂😂👋🏼 I knew he gained a bit lately but i love it coz it means hes eating health…
540k Giveaway *winner gets everything pictured* (must be following me to win✨)
Haven’t had alcohol since my bday weekend in December and boyyyy do i feel good!! 😌💪🏼
Happy birthday to the man who voice acted our favorite granddad 🎉🎂🎆
Homemade parmo with mushrooms 😁
I MISS THEIR V LIVES 😂😏
Great reply made me laugh. Free advertising on my side as well,maybe worth a fiver off next time 😂
This girl on Growing Up Hip Hop said she doesn't have meat in her breasts because she's not an animal...... 🤔
Damn right we do 😋
“You got this baby!” Miss Mella is the ultimate hype girl 🤑 Really enjoyed &amp; in the  💙💚
Who else is ready for the war of the accents? 😂😂😂
⚫⚪🔵🔴 FIRST LOVE
🔞Watch me🔞 FREE ♥ 😀Click the link above😀
Trying to figure out what to do for the weekend? Check this out 👉 Close-in Munch VALENTINE'S EDITION - RED PARTY -…
Thx for the 500 followers man bro it such a blessing 1,000 next💯😈🔥
Just popped out but will update the credits this evening 👌🏻
Last night 🤪
This is how junhong looks like in the middle of other idols 🤣🤣🤣🤣
happy one year 💙
Sorry guys, I'm a bit weird today! 😂 But let's play again! 🔥 Are you in? How many letters does the name of your COUNTRY h…
a little sloppy but a lot of fun 💛🌻🎨 (uhhh lemme paint you some shoes, hit the dmsssss)
Follow everyone who Retweets &amp; Likes this🍷
That jumper is super cute 😍
Lockscreen: Jimin Dino 🍀 ◇Edit + Simple◇ • FAV se gostar / if you save • RT se salvar / if you like ♡Seja honesto / Be ho…
This is a LOOK 💜 |
Here to confirm what we already knew: performances NEVER disappoint 🔥
Powerful performance by Kendrick 🙏🏽
🤨 today I'm for sure trying to stay up and film 😜🤨
Blessed and grateful. Thank you. 🎂
Gem Edge - 💎
LaVar’s pregame speech is hilarious. 😂😭
Keep up the fight lad. ⚽ ❤
This is LIT 🔥
pls let’s end the show already ,we have our winner 🤗
Living Colour - Cult of Personality 🎸🎸🎸🎸
180128 RM’s Tweet Please release an album soon..  Trans cr; Alli @ bts-trans © TAKE OUT WITH FULL CREDITS…
🚀Join $IOST 6Mn AIRDROP🚀. First official IOST live stream on YouTube and Periscope Sunday, January 28th @ 5 PM PST…
The perfect way to celebrate No.20 🏆 Cheers, 🍾
Great. I’ll try to get over for the Sheffield one then mate 👍🏻
I love u and I hope I can meet and hug u one day! 💜
Hey Guys 😁 Check out some of our products from last week. All made with love from Nigeria 🇳🇬. Please RT , our next client…
I follow back follow me and see 🐷🐴🐷🐴🐖🐷🐖🐷🐴🐷🐖🐴
WHY ARE NIGGAS COMFORTABLE WIT OPENLY EXPRESSIN HOW THEY LOVE THEY HOMIES, BUT KEEP THEIR LOVE FOR A WOMAN A SECRET? 🤔
Copy successful traders automatically with Bitcoin! 💰💰 I copy "ys0001" among others. Do you? ➡️…
How you look at bitches that got so much to say about you but get quiet when you walk past 🤪
Who's pumped for our first show of 2018⁉️Thank you to our boy 💙 See you there BRIGHTON🤘🏻🏝🎸 …
Morphe Palette of choice + Jaclyn's fav brush set by Morphe✨ (must be following me to win) …
aeris, follow everyone who retweets this 🌿
Corbyn is asked whether capitalism “has got anything right” -and can’t come up with anything 😦😦
[PREVIEW] 180128 iKON FAN SIGNING EVENT (© RADIANCE)
You are amazing! ❤️✨
YERLİ 🚌 ➕9⃣
I am no robot twitter for gods sakeee...      💕
I thought I had seen it all but I was so fucking wrong😂😂😂😂😂. The cheating girl pretended to be a sex doll …
Concert ito! Big deal! I sold out na natin ang  Dm ❤️
it’s just a cruel reminder that im single and likely to remain that way forever 🤷🏻‍♀️
Daily Bangtan Bombs. What could this mean?! We're sensing something coming soon. 😯
He was canny on Fifa last season tho 🙄
California 😍
[HQ PIC] 180125 27th Seoul Music Awards       © _slowbutsteady…
Good Morning 🌴
⏬ watch ⏬
👍🏻 Needn’t be taken seriously.
Big Sean at the 2018  💙
Some people just Need to be more positive 👌🏽
New freezer at the Grammys Wow 😮
Mr. President we don't care what Jay-Z thinks! ❤
being “busy” is understandable, but busy people still make time for who they want.🗣
"Is that clippers in the background? Y'all at the barber shop?.. I'm comin" 🤣😂😂🤣😂 he's that calm before the storm crazy ht…
100% committed to.... 🐯‼️
Exactly how this say.. And most important is bing Healthy to!💙 all that are BEST blessings w…
J-Hope is a hair icon, tbh ❣️ |
nothing official but something special 💯
『 ◦ 𝒅𝒂𝒚 27 ◦ 』 《 1.27.2018 ✰ 》 → "You put up your thorns but I can see you're a rose" 🌹
👀 👅 If you want to gain more followers retweet &amp; like this and turn my notifications 🔛  🍫🍆🍿🍓
Diamond girl and I’m not talking about my shoes 👠👑
Late Friday night 🍿 🎥 Tagalog movie outing with my Mommy. We love Judy Ann Santos! It was a good…
Bukan taknak enjoy gila gila tapi bila terlampau happy I'll get afraid something bad will happen afterwards 😌
True you'll should date one another 🤔
LOLOL i had to, girl 🤣
for life🚀
Omgggg this ep is soooooo fricking good yahhhsssssss 🎉🎉🎉🌴🌴🌴
Please get some lop balm and kiss MY JUICY ASS 😗😙😘😎
⚡️ “In your eyes I'm alive, inside you're beautiful.” I finally organized some picture moments for easier access of my…
just gonna put this here 😹
💥 Free live sexcams, live sex shows! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ Click ••► Click ••► …
Messi's free kick today 😍
The magic is in the details. 🥖💎 Happy  Day 3 from your favorite  No-Maj! …
yessirrrr💗💗💗
It was a last-minute project but it finally happened! iKON and Hanbin at New York Times Square!! 💗 By
Help me win this prize from  🎆
I thought I had seen it all but I was so fucking wrong😂😂😂😂😂. The cheating bitch pretended to be a sex doll …
Congrats to Daniel Kaluuya on receiving an Oscar Nomination for Best Actor for his performance in  🖤 …
Tenderness. ❤️💜💛❤️💜💛❤️💜💛❤️💜💛
👀 👅 If you want to gain more followers retweet &amp; like this &amp; turn my notifications 🔛  🐗🦋🐍🦉
I’m always gettin blocked by people who start shit with me first 😂 where’s the fun in that?
You're amazing 💟💟
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have. 🙌🏻😭💖
5 years later and this still BANGS 🔥😤💯
i skipped class the first week. oops 🤷🏻‍♀️
RT: Announcement Cards  💻 🖨
Ali Meşe, an 83-year-old man, lost his home in a terrible fire, but he didn’t lose his beloved cat 💕 http…
It’s you babe and i’m a sucker for the way that you move babe 🎶😂
📷📷 Drill My Hole  + and
We absolutely need to work harder 😢
[2018 GLOBAL VLIVE CHART] most of the TOP10 viewed, shared, and commented are videos 👏🏻😂
I like to hear myself talk also a fact ☝🏾
❄️ Premium Case  ❗️ CLICK ⛄️ Like + RT + Follow us ⛄️ Paste your profile URL 🏆Winner in…
It was fun chatting with you all :) Looking forward to more such interactions 😊
Huh???😂😂😂im confused and i dont understanddd.
has been a bad boy.     🇺🇸
After this semester, I wasnt planning on going back to school. But God has another plan for me and I’m so excited💕
The one and only cutie 🐶
[TRANS] Dress warmly🧣 Stay warm☀️ “Dress warmly. Your body needs to be warm so that your heart can be warm too.” https://…
I can’t believe I woke up at 5 AM to respond to a hate comment 😂
RT + FOLLOW TO GET A CHANCE TO WIN THIS RED BUNDLE on .com !! (❤️__❤️) doing a better giveaway after this one since i…
Hairmyres first launch of Swallowing Matters this morning! Thanks to Lindsayfield Lodge for hosting for us 😁 Sharing resou…
I agree with Levi, you guys did so well and I’m still shocked you didn’t make it. Good luck to you guys! You’ll do great! 😊
I want to reply with a witty response but I’m too scared. 😳
🍐 If the girl next door, the perfect smile, and cleavage made a baby her name would be Emily
Can’t beat spherebreakers against shinra which goes towards the 100% - so frustrating. I want my perfect ending 🙃
Im hella pretty 😭💕
(sound 🔊) QB catching his own pass is never a good thing 😂😂
How to Pronounce Employed ↺RT❤
HappyBirthDay❤💕
Love it! And the lucky winner is... 🙌
almost dead 🥀 x FU+FR 🌺
sounds like swae lee might have a feature from the weekend on his upcoming album 👀 😭
MARCA: ▪️ Nacho continues to perform for Real Madrid ▪️ His name rang out on Sunday as fans from every corner of the…
AK-47 JAGUAR GIVEAWAY 🐈 To enter: ⚠️ Put  in your Twitter profile bio 📌 Enter our pinned giveaway 📲 Must Follow us…
Hi!💓 im doing Paid Review &amp; Paid RT for product, business &amp; etc. Apa-2 boleh DM 📩 . Harga murah-2 je 😍. Here some feedback 🎉
Caught some cracks on the raft💢🚣🏽.
Goodmorning💪🏼💕
New York City ❤️
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this✅🌹
I need an entire new set 💅🏾
Who run the “aviation” world? Girls! 💁🏼‍♀️
Yooo the fake smiles been real asf lately 🤷🏽‍♀️
sehun - main character: vivi - a cute 💖 story between a man and his cute dog - ^ based on a real life story - publish his dog…
I’m so hungry 😩😩😩😩😩
For all my shrimp lover😍😍 grilled Cajun shrimp to perfection
ur so sweet ur welcome 💗💗
Holly Hunter who? Look whos is in blue in the background !!!😱😂
Beautiful beyond words! 💝
Lmfaooo y’all need to chill 😭😭😂😂😂
I think ive been putting so much on my plate idk how to balance everything rn 😰😪
Quit reading so fast! 🙃
Tonight’s aesthetic is apparently mocking Tucker Carlson with Soft Cell lyrics 😂
Jesus did this guy really go there with YOU Elliott? 😂😂
My bitch bad she need a time out 🗣 💯💪🏾🔥🔥
"This sky where we live. Is no place to lose your wings... So love, love, love." 💕  photo by me ~ from  🇧🇷 h…
[ Photo Time Start!📸
My newest post is coming out today!! ......Right after I eat some lunch! 😋😋 It's the second part collab with
Never give up on what you LOVE ♥
👉 Retweet th¡s if you're online 
1: Retweet this👍✅, 2: Like this👍✅ 3: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet👍✅ 4: Follow back all that follow you👍✅ 5: Follo…
Many people still don’t understand how to use hashtags 😐 This guide can help:
[HQ] 180122 Heart Attack 💘
Sucks that you ain’t real enough that’s what sucks 💯
Nobody can resist a tank 😂😂
February 16📅 || Cheers📍                    7132 Florida Blvd.        …
My Crim ethics professor is fucken wild 💀
Please VOTE for a 2018 Favorite Cam Girl Nominee! 📽️💻🏆 🗳️VOTE HERE:⤵️
New  is 🔥! "Deep Strokes" in your favorite  streaming NOW  …
Do your kids love the song "Where is Thumbkin?" 🤷‍♀️ Give "Tommy Thumb" a try!!
Pineapplecoin GAME PART 3. ➡ Follow Us ! ➡ Retweet our Pinned Post ! ➡ Comment " on Pinned post ! 🎁 1…
This nigga went to a job interview and told them his tear drop tattoo symbolizes sweat, because he's a hard worker 😹😹
Happy Birthday to 🎂
They definitely deserve it 🔥  have you voted?
Or vodka for the guys 😌😌
$ELF listed on 🎉🎉
your  🔝💖 wants many  NOT tomorrow NOT later. NOW ‼️Did u understand,  ⁉️
📣 ARMYs! Mass vote trend at 11PM KST! Today’s keyword ➡️ INTRO BOY MEETS EVIL ⬅️ Don’t forget to add the keyword to…
his fine ass actually took the 19 hour trip to see me and i couldn’t be happier 💛 …
I FEEL YOU 100% 😂😂 *Mentions the Cheetah Girls* Me: I LOVE THEM! I was always Aqua.💙😂
What part is ur ignorant ass missing now 🧐
I asked my kid “y you gottah throw shit” she said “I dono” like you juss bad for no reason ... who’s your mother 🙄🤦🏻‍♀️
Pulled these two, plus Jason Kielce from the reward set.. sold him for a smooth 600k 😤
💥BREAKING💥 Releases Documents to Jeff Sessions today as he begins (Prosecuting Obama admin) on charges of Drug Tr…
Army is the happiest when JIMIN is happy 💛
Bruv I always wanted to know where that Kevin Hart crying meme was from ADJFKSJSKSNF I FOUND IT 😭😭😭😭
Folllw everyone who retweets &amp; likes this🤓
ARMY:  Jimin:  stan someone who stans you back. i love this family💜
follow everyone who retweets this, 4 mins💥
Let's make it official! 📝 We've signed OF Curtis Granderson to a 1-year deal. Granderson hit 26 homers with 64 RBI and a .…
i’m pretty sure i change my @ every 3 months 🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️ but my favourite @ will always be jungified ,,
I either make $10 last me a week or $109 last me 2 hours....🤦🏼‍♀️
Follow everyone that LIKES THIS 🔮⚙️🔮 Follow👉 🔮   TURN MY NOTIFICATION ON TO GAIN FOLLOWERS…
ARMY:  Jimin:  ARMY: Ajakskakaksksk YOU NOTICED!!!! 💀💀💀😭 Also ARMY: Okay, but sleep now, Jimi…
Today's dinner……?😋💙❤️
We’re big fans of Peele and Gerwig, so congrats!! ❤️
MAMI Dad Hats 💘 Shop: Use Code "Cap1" for 10% off + Free Shipping
i love you so much Millie, your mexican fan💜
Going out to dinner with my parents every Friday night♥️
Absolute peach 🍑
have done themselves proud despite defeat to  in the  📝 Read the full match report from
I’m praying 😭
expression warmup inspired by this tweet by ! super fantastic advice 👌
imagine sliding in my dm then BOOM we together forever 🌹
I’m live in twitch with my first stream playing overwatch for the first time 😂😂😂😂
It’s ok ...no one including them knows 😂
Alright ARMY, Ready for another round of votes?🙏 SPAM the comment section with fanchants📣 🌟Don't forget to include th…
When your homie comes back for you❤️
My Pride Is Too Big So If I Ever Told U I Needed U 🙄 I Really Did &amp; If U Wasn’t There 😒 I’ll Never Need U Again💯
So Jake E will guest sa EB? True kaya? Dami na namang issues🤣 but I hope the freedom thing will prevail. Don’t bash…
Facebook the funniest app 😂💀
✍️ The  World
Make that 7️⃣x All-Star.
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this✅🐸
Coming soon to the Emirates: 🦂👑
for everything! 🔵🔴 👏
Stop subtweeting me 😤😤😤
Boy you ain’t lying😂
Cute blonde teen taking a play 👉 👉 Hook up with this hot babe 💝
Ufffff baby 🔥🔥🔥🔥 will be in the next cover of
Bunny and Ribbit 💕
Arguably the biggest L taken in the NBA this year Salah Mejri gets ejected Kelly Oubre waves bye 👋🏽 His own damn coach…
I love you both so much always remember that. Dito lang me praying, waiting.. always  ko na kayo 😢 ctto ht…
looks like it may be time to cover the $TLT short /ZB 👇🏻🚀
We vote for on    💜 RT &amp; Reply with the hashtags to vote~ …
Hyunbin hugging Taehyun 💛 I love friendship
'Cloudy Skies'..🌦💀
How 🤷🏻‍♂️😃 nowadays it’s called the billionaire game ⚽️ boss. Press conference the player will say I’…
🍷 Shipped To Your Door - -
“Can speak Spanish most likely.” I lost it 😂 she better though!
‘Whippets have very distinctive noses.’ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 📷
Look at how red Hongki's ears are, he's such a shy boy😎
Uh yeah I think 1st out of nearly 50,000 entries deserves a free DFI shirt 😳
Eastern Washington lands 68 on Fall All-Academic Team 📰-&gt;  …
AAHHH GET OUTTA TOWN 🤑
I just found out My dad had 32points 29rebounds 31blocks in a game 🤯
Margot Robbie’s stand-in is too hot to fool me 👯
Many Don’t Understand What it Took, For Me To Get Here.🗣
RT: Real Estate Photography 🏘  📸
👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻😌🇺🇸💙🇺🇸 a TRUE AMERICAN SOLDIER and a true Shero!
I’m up that I can’t watch  live ☹️
A hug from &amp; is just the lift 🎿 you need from  on   https…
Never been more star struck 😍Apart from personal accolades, these men are true ambassadors for their respective sports.…
Omg they played Mic Drop Remix during the game!! I’m so happy! 😭😭👏🏽👏🏽💕💕💕
This Is All Bad My Niece Is Missing Please Don't Stop Retweeting Until She's Found 🙏🏽💔😔😢
Look who is enjoying snowfall ❄, our very own former Miss World and international star …
I'm Tersa. I work in the fashion industry. This is my diary for plants and weeb talks. 🌼🌷🌸🌻🌹
Learn to admit your wrongs,say sorry,looks for ways to make it up and move on with your life🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
A memorable night indeed 💕
With just 2 career HRs, Tom Lawless had one of the greatest bat flips in MLB History 😂😂😂
A whole ass study tho!? 😂☠️ y’all that bothered lmfao
⚡️ “This kid is fed up with Christopher Columbus”
Aww sad news 😢
I love You bitch I ain't gon never stop loving you 💓💘💝💞💞 💖B I T C H💝 💞💕💖💕
WE DID IT!!!! I WISH I COULD HUG ALL OF YOU 😭😭😭😭😭
Gain 20 followers every 2 mins!! ✓ Retweet fast ✓ Follow all who Rt ✓ Follow back all 💯 ✓ Gain 400+ active followers Fire Fas…
Suck a nigga dick or sum😌
Go piers that’s right 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
That long naked ass run outta the bathroom like... 😂 😂
You really wack for this. Don’t abuse your power cmon now 🤦🏽‍♂️
guys!!! if i get 500k retweets this can happen for me!! please help out 💙💙 thank you all!!!  https://…
“We all black.” Is a light skin proverb 😂
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Another brilliant article by exposing the latest absurd 'Steele Dossier' nonsense 👇 …
“next semester” turned into “next week” real quick 😭
Full Gallery: Call girls in a students dorm... 👻Add me on snapchat: adley36 👻
Yeah🤷‍♂️
Yesterday my neighbors no make I sleep ! I thought knockouts were no more.Tonight I go make dem feel am 😈 Revenge of the Sp…
take what you need and rt to pass it on ✨
Happy birthday Mr. Richard Faulkerson Jr. 🎉 You are both, blessings to us, ADN. Continue to dream dreams an…
🎉🎉HAPPY NEW YEAR 🎉🎉 with a short comic of my favorite boyss
🗣 THIS Q U E E N MONICA BROWN HAS ON A PERIWINKLE LACE FRONT AND NEOPRENE HIGH THIGH BOOTS. LOOKING LIKE A 2018 EDITION OF…
The moment Bobby Butler’s dad found out his son is going to the Olympics. Absolute chills. 🇺🇸
all this positivity on the TL .. i’se here for it ✨
I woke up to a fav from William Beckett 😍 so this year is going great! ❤️
This gave me the laugh of the year and the year just started 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This gave me the laugh of the year and the year just started 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
rt/like to be in a promo gc❣ -be active yall !! -like &amp; rt everything! - any fandom -be lit so it isn't boring
Prom, graduation , college .. 😩🤞🏽🤞🏽
My parents have mad skills 🤦🏼‍♀️😂
Hopefully I’ll be pregnant by the end of this year. With twin girls. 😅👶🏽👶🏽 Ready to be his baby momma. Lmao
Thank You, Paula:))) I wish the same for you....It will be terrific year, Paula!🤗❤️
😂😂😂😂🤣And is buying followers again!!!! Lol. Literally siting her watching th…
shoutout to all my ‘97 babies because 2018 is our year!!!🥂🍺🍸🥃🍷🎉🎊
I'm claiming 2018 as a good year; academically, financially, spiritually, and mentally☺️
that jada n that will love ❤️
All Access: returns 👏🏽
y’all are shocked about these girls trying on panties but working at Victoria’s Secret i’ve seen EVERYTHING &amp; i mean everything 😪
Waiting for you 👀  !!!! SO HYPED FOR MY BOY
"let me see what you have.." "a knife" "NOOOOOO" 😂😂😂
This was such a dope video!! 😍🔥 Congratulations again for reaching 4 million subscribers. You guys deserve it so much ♥️♥️
Damn straight!! 😂😂
🚨🚨🚨  is baaaack on the  stage with a jaw dropping performance of 'Mic Drop!'  …
Don’t drink and drive, i didn’t drink and drive, just a joke to expose Uber, look at my profile. 🙄
What's Your Golf 🏌 Face 😏😏Like Today ". ... Follow us
Go check out published poetry so you can look hotter from the moon ✨ …
The Uzi people don't know about 🔥
This gave me the laugh of the year and the year just started 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
RT if bet9ja is owing you money, I can't be the only one 😐😑
Tuning into the  today? RT if you want to see outdoor hockey in Tampa. ⚡️
He hit that man with a shovel, he deserved that ass beating 😩😕
Good morning dearest Shaheer and birdies 😊 Have a fantabulous day ahead
This one of my flaws. People think I’m antisocial. I’m like nah I just don’t know y’all niggas 😂
God has already started working and the year just started! 💥💥 GOD YOU ARE SO GOOD! 👏🏼
I hate a friendly mf... nigga or female 🚮
Martial ⚽ Lingard ⚽ Here's the report on Man Utd's 2-0 win at Everton 👉
I just want my bond with God to be more powerful in 2018💙
2017... Thanks for the memories... 2018... Let’s go... 🎆
Lowkey so surprised on how fast 2017 went by!! Let's make 2018 a great year!!🎉🎉
🔥 ICYMI: STAR WARS Fans in 1980 Reacted To EMPIRE STRIKES BACK in the Same Way Fans are Reacting to THE LAST JEDI https://t…
Proud of my state, CA; people who are in prison for a marijuana charge can get their sentences erased/reduced 🙌🏼
that jada n that will love ❤️
RT if is your spirit animal 😂 (via IG story)
They put two Chinese restaurants on two way 😭😭🤣🤣🤣🤣
All you gotta do is let me know ONE time👌🏽
Isaiah Washington brought the JELLY to college 🍇 (via
Loved looking at all of them! David showing kaiser and jace hoe to fish... Adorable! ❤❤
I don’t see women tweeting “hood niggas &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 😩😍” anymore. Y’all must’ve got killed, huh?
Happy bday to our fav Bibi boy May you have the bestest/happiest bday you can ever have! 🙏🙏
President  On LIBERAL DOUBLE STANDARD and  Corruption⬇️ “I will say this, Hillary Clinton LIED many times to…
He doesnt have to 😏 jim chaney does
Everything is mental. Change your thoughts &amp; you will change your life. 🧠
I can't wait for this point in my life 👭💐
LeBron &amp; Savannah clearly had a good NYE. I’m crying at his face tho 😂
Not letting anyone treat me like crap this year😇
shoutout to all my ‘97 babies because 2018 is our year!!!🥂🍺🍸🥃🍷🎉🎊
No more “my bad I didn’t see your call” in 2018. I seen it and I ignored it 🤷‍♂️
😑Follow everyone who like or retweets it
🇺🇸iTunes US:  - Love Yourself 承 'Her' [+11]
Thanks peanut head 😊
At such a chaotic time... let's not forgot to wish all those overseas, fighting for their country A HAPPY YEAR! 🎉 They…
I beat cancers ass in 2017 8 months ago vs now✨
OMFG .... 🙈🙈🙈
This calls for a celebration... 🎉 RT or REPLY with  to receive a special New Year's message from one of your…
NEW YEARS GIVEAWAY!! 😁😁 Winner chosen at random will have their pick of ANY item from either Marks website or Ethan’s w…
lil booty girls still gone be winning in 2018 fawk you mean ☺️♥️
Never Forget 😪
SMH 🤦🏽‍♂️ H&amp;M IS CANCELLED!
Friends that share clothes together stay together 👯‍♀️
💥💥FBI/DOJ employees being investigated for LEAKING information to several MEDIA OUTLETS Text messages between senior…
Well done pal. Long time coming, and there’s not a more deserving artist and human. 👍
Hell yeah. My uncle will be at lone star throwdown this year😍😍 can't fucking wait☺️
lil sum sum I'm whippin up for a friend 🍧
Philadelphia, PA 📍
Photos were shared by one of our fans who has successfully re-built the  coil of our  tank! 👍👍👍 …
Yes babee🙈💓
This just a small compilation of Mina calling Tzuyu's name. Hahaha. From Tzuyu-ya~ to CHOU TZUYU-YA! 😂😂😂  https://t…
Who do you think will be the winner of  ::::: 💓 FOR : HINA KHAN 🔃 FOR : SHILPA SHINDE
literally just took these 😁✨
[Ataraxia's 8th bap giveaway] ||special box GA, 1 winner|| 🏆prizes: 1. choice of any bap korean album(i have all for ko…
chankaisoo and exo-ls in a nutshell ㅋㅋㅋㅋ © masterkyungs
the concept 💞💞
Ass is everywhere but you only get 1 PS5 ,that’s a once in a lifetime opportunity 😂 js
SPOTTED: Arsenal's genius offside trap vs Nottingham Forest. 🤔😂
My queer cyberpunk and found family story, published last April, aaand incidentally my first pro sale. 💜 …
Irene’s face makes me cry 😭💖🌸
MY HAIR HAHA , but thank you michelle 😙❤️💓💞
this backseat is absolutely insane 😱
2 months and 22 days till I say Ido ❤️💍.
girls game at 5:15 😇😇
Papa was the last ... now he’s reunited with his brothers 🙏🏼
Aight 💯 just making sure you not trying to switch up haha
Happy that you're happy. In the end, that's what truly matters - you doing what makes you happy 🙂
"Did you know ...that a boiled cabbage has higher nutritional value than 3 pieces of chicken?" ~ January Proverb 🤣🤣
✨ me and  ✨ ❤️ ❤️
romeo and juliet 💔
here's a thread explaining why seventeen is problematic 👋🏼😤 time for some exposing !!
🙆😂 it was over before it began
♨️🚹🍔♐🎣 god receive this eve 🎣♐🍔🚹♨️
Only a game many would play!!📶
A lot of love for u our sunshine😍♥️
RT if Misha Collins has genuinely made you a kinder, better person and he has had a profound impact on your life ✨ http…
❤️❤️ I hope so
He makes roses out of jolly ranchers 🤧🧡
This stand makes about a million cookies a day 😱🍪
[Preview] 180107 MCM Event 😍😍
I ain’t that goood at math but some of y’all ain’t adding up🤔
Like nigga is it supposed to be in my DNA 😂
Message of the week 🤔🙌🏼
I love my friends man, I couldn’t ask for anything better. This legit made me tear up. 😥
Respect for this ✊️💯
putting those  muscles to good use. 💪
This man no go kill person pikin oh😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Fantastic. I don’t have computer. Tis the season. Guess that’s what I’m getting next 😂
Lunesss 😴
She is his muse ❤
😂😂😂 LMFAOO
vikas only tried to run away frm the house fattu 😂
rt , dirty talk ☁️
Why did I just see Brandon on tv 😭😂😂😂
Tonight's Warriors starters: 🏀 GSW vs. DEN 📺 📻 📍 Oakland, CA
I am screaming😭😭😂
twitter is free entertainment 😭
Young Bull 🤟🏾
OMG too funny😂🤣😂
😳😳😍I love DIDDDLE'S TRENDY SALE!! EVERYTHING IS $0.00 AND YOU JUST PAY SHIPPING!!!! *UNLIMITED ITEMS at checkout!! h…
Shorty puttin it on the money 💰
my boyfriend is so heated , it’s so cute 😹😹😹 we really luv u bih
Dipo needed a minute 😂
Send your favorite Zeta $1,920 on January 16th 🌚
I love this idea, I might unashamedly copy it from you Veronica ♥️☂️
You jinxed it 👏
2 slots left!!! GET IT NOW FOR A VERY DISCOUNTED PRICE!! SURE BUYERS ONLY. NO TO BOGUS! check likes for proofs 💯 DM us…
This ⬇️ I totally agree with. If, and it’s a big if, it’s true....
👉I DO GAIN TWEETS 24/7 👈 ⬇️FOLLOW THE STEPS BELOW⬇️ ⓵ Follow me ✅ ⓶ Follow all Who Like and RT this ⓷ Fo…
Proud to say I've been a pewdiepie fan since the beginning &amp; I'm happy how far he has made it as well as the lovely Marzia 💕
[ 180108 JBJ_Honbab update! JBJ's Sanggyun &amp; Donghan will be appearing in a new show called "Eating alone"😬😲 "JBJ'…
Is good to see all my former Trinity Teammates declaring for the NFL draft I wish nothing but the best for my brothers💯
A 3-0 record and .957 save percentage earns Jonathan Bernier the NHL’s Second Start of the Week! Congrats, Bernie 🌟
The funny part is where Miller refused to leave and had to be escorted out by security! 😄…
RT:  for STEM Summer Camp 🖥️ 🎮 💎 🆒 🌞 🕰️
DM me today and find out how you can make $5,000 or more 💸💰💯
doesn't have to be so torturous! 😳 If you're tired of wasting your time &amp; putting yourself out there, then…
Oooooh my gawd..... I am defeated 😔 😢 😭 😂
is running out 😥
🚨 MAJOR MILESTONE! Messi has reached the magical mark of 1⃣0⃣0⃣0⃣ 'recorded' career goals, starting from his debut for…
Leave a mark in peoples lives, that’s my energy for 2018 💪🏾
Trend Alert on Short Notice HasTag  Time~ 6:00 pm Today RT 🔁 if you are interested in this trend Com…
Just tryna find someone who loves movies as much as I do 👀
📢 Mass-streaming event 📢 Stream the Secret Garden MV (1theK's channel) everyday at 8AM and 8PM in your local time! Do hel…
bama qb looking like Russ Wil boy get ya money !!!! 💰💰💰
Too much henny 😂
Fact bro😘😘😘😘😘😎😎😎
Dotart Max 🔥
Don't be rude 😒
I hate being sick 😭
Oh !!! Damn he called her Pretty 🤦🏾‍♂️
Georgia, 2019 college football playoff champions‼️🤝
So proud  all the way🙌🏻🙌🏻❤️
Anybody watching the globes tonight? 😳 😏 ☺️
Can you follow us? 😭 [
My mom randomly sent me this today 😭 y’all already know my crybaby ass teared up 😩
LMFAO whoever did these edits is stupid 😭💀💀
If Finesse isn't the anthem of 2018, idk what is... 😜👌🏼
Oh my god😂😂 love it
Hello, 22. 🌹🎂🎈
Hey YOU HAVE SO MANY FANS IN SPAIN FFS!!   MAKE👏 IT👏 HAPPEN👏 WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH💕…
I'm sure he did after the great tax break he just. got🤷🏾‍♂️
🐊CLICK🐊⚡️ ⚡️⚡️        🎀🎀…
Yet you try and demonise him with false allegations over racism 👏
AHHAAHAAA🤣🤣🤣 I’m crying
Lies depression tells you: ✖️ this is barely a life ✖️ you are a burden ✖️ you are lucky to be loved ✖️ it won't get bette…
Yep .... it's the bones as feel it too after a warm week in bed with the flu 😷
Tough game 😈  Louis Tomlinson
Out playing pool for the moment, had to change fits it’s my bday. 🎱 🤷🏽‍♂️
Oh my! All the meals at once! 😀
He has to die, get yours sis 💘
🚨 It's time for  BINGO! 🚨
Taking things 1 day at a time. 😔
you're my ray of sunshine ☀️
Brought two of my grandparents favorite Lotería cards to life for the second piece to my sleeve🃏
Opening one week from tomorrow: new Case Dining Hall at  🙌🏼
1: 🔥Retweet this🏎 2: 🏎Like this♦️ 3: ♦️Follow all who like and rt this🏎 4: 🏎Follow back all that follow you🔥 5: 🔥Gain follo…
I won't LAUGH alone 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ion see how u can suck 10 dicks in your whole life😭 Wtf
Really proud of myself stg 👏🏽
Attention All College Students‼️ Dear Lord, Tomorrow starts another new semester. Give us all as college students a stab…
A Job Is A Job, Get 💰💰💰 &amp; Don’t Struggle...
Who wants 3 bottles of wine 🍷 on the house? I have 5 codes to give!
follow everyone who likes this, 3mins👹
😂 lol love it. Me asf
1500 Magdeburg fans (German 3rd division) at Bolton tonight for a friendly👏🏼🔥
Omg I was not expecting that !! Now try and tell me that cats ain’t from the Devil himself ... 😒😭😭
Naaa.......chale that’s it! 😂😂😂😂
I miss the days when sarcasm was normal hahaha so many pressed bitches 😎
gain jung hoseok stan by retweeting this. 💜
I do not know anybody I've ever had a better life like that 🍃🍁🍃🍁🍃🍃🍁🍃🍁🍃🍁🍃🍁 Good night my Frend I Love you 💕💕💕💕 …
JOIN IN THE FIRST GIVEAWAY AND WIN AN ASUS ROG LAPTOP!!! . . Must be following me and RT this huge giveaway to join👌
One and only ChanBaek ♥
I’m trynna impregnate yo fine ass 😩 — Lmaooo i can’t have babies
When she leave you AGAIN &amp; she really gets a new nigga this time 😭
😂😂next ball out
back in the studio 🎤
So my  account was hacked and I've been advised I can not remove my card details from their site 😡
No. War against Arsenal 😅😂
this make up artist's story about jungkook is so cute, he's an angel 😣💘
Fav&amp; Retweet if ya Love Mirror Mon! 👍😝
What’s funny is if they get behind Oprah for President, that shows you how screwed up the Democratic Party really is 😂
What’s your reason for not allowing that particular outfit? 🤔
RT if you used to do this when you were younger 😂😂
Shawn Mendes 🔥 fav If u liked rt and i'll dm it to you (comment 1,2, 3 or 4) mbf!! /math and Guiih
The last game of our 🏈 season ! The CFP is here. Our beloved will be in atttendance!
When you are the only that witnessed a fight or an Incident😁😁
Baby blue more chunky blue 😂😂😂
Some people think it’s disrespectful when you don’t let them disrespect you. 😂😂😂🌴
Don't dream of me, have me and my  🍊🍊🍊 All dressed up for a meaningful  on cam  Aw…
ops junmyeon will see this😂 watch up bb~😂
Corny ass bitches I can’t relate🤦🏻‍♀️
Seeing  trending all over again is such a blessed! This is what INSPIRIT MISS ♥
Help a girl out I just wanna talk to my manz 🤧
3 days off because of snow, and I read 4 books. ❄️ 📚 Disruptive Thinking, The Handmaid's Tale, The Principal 50, an…
Did you get in $BUZZ? 🐝 Still cheap, but never rush when buying these small caps, watch the books.
Nope 🤷🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
She is thirsty😈 More videos 👉
Angel bby 👼 - Hope y’all have a wonderful Tuesday! -
❓The Curious Show: Part 1❓
I was so confused as to why I didn’t see her answer it. Now I know😂😂
I’m Trying Be This Happy ✨
Whenever this guy snapchats himself driving, his petrol light is always on 🙁🙁🙁🙁
goodmorning💛
nothing like failing a quiz on the first day back to school 🙃
Who said dubs are not quick? 🤟🏻⠀⠀ 🔑:
Americans 🇺🇸 like to think they're PRO-LIFE 😏 but then when two babies 👶👶 turn into armed adults 🔫👨🔫👨 trying to rob 💰 t…
Awww I remember those days 🙄🧐
My purse finally came ☺️
Listening to the OATH When SUPERSTAR says BHARATH ANE NEYNU 🔥
When you love snow ❄️
Y'all better leave that synthetic weed alone fam 💯
Lol I’m glad you liked it 😘
Super happy in my first pair of scrubs 🤓
Get that next game brother💯😈 go brazy🤟🏾
BE HERE MSG ME For MORE INFORMATION Sounds by: + MORE ✅🎥📍8901 Warner Ave Huntington Beach CA…
👏 Prior to kick off at Camp Nou said farewell to the fans
Just blew me away😂😂😂
I can’t wait to watch all the snaps ❤️✨
When you have inserted everything and she says baby "I'm waiting for you to put it in" 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Say goodbye to the old me . . . We ain't friends anymore, you don't know me 🎶
Good morning ❤️ Lea
😵 its so obvious in hindsight...
Damn... Nigga so loud 😂😂
Help SAVE Scared Pork_Chop 😘👇 11yrs  Deserve to rest in a loving Home
Wanna go NZ but saving for a house 😪
🕘 It's 21:01 Jungkook Time Share pics of Golden Maknae JK 💛with Best Fan Army hashtags💛 On our thread🐰
Charm 🚨 alarm ! We’re giving away 5 limited edition boxes! Follow us and retweet for a chance to win!
💫EXO-L CHALLENGE 💫 Let’s reach 1485 RTs and Comments by using The below hashtags and do not forget to tag
27TH SEOUL MUSIC AWARDS 🏆Bonsang 🏆Fandom School Award 🏆Kwave Popularity Award Congratulations  ! 🎊🎉…
Congratulations, Taem 👑
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life; and I will in the house of the LORD forever 🙋🏼 Psa…
Ya girl passed all her classes 😝 I was so worried
EXO fansite thanked Leeteuk for receiving &amp; gave acceptance speech on behalf of EXO at 27th Seoul Music Awards 👍 https://t.…
It’s just something about when makes your drinks 😏😏😏😏
💫❄️ Cutest lil snow angel, ❄️💫
How Girls be At Sleepovers 😂😂
Bitches will fw a nigga after you &amp; do the most just to show YOU, she fw that nigga 😂 FIRST OFF, IDGAF about none of you h…
finallyyyyyyyy bout to order me some hair , I let my real hair breathe long enough 😩
Yess 😂😂😂
"Say Something" feat. 🎥
Praying works. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise.  🙏🏼
haaapppyyy birthdaaay
Put EXO COUNTDOWN in your tweets my babies 😘 Japan promo was awesome, now it's up to us to do a worldwide promo
Uri BaekRen too, please stay healthy 😭 stay warm, have a good rest, and eat nutritious food   https://t.…
One for the Man Utd fans ❤️
don’t stop voting    while waiting for performance on  ✨
Let's trend 📈👉  starting now 5PM KST 🕔! Just retweet and tweet! 🗳
Real love’s hard to find, so she don’t waste her time ✌🏻
🚨🚨🚨Strzok-Page Texts Reveal FBI Was Discussing Special Counsel to Investigate Hillary– Did AG Lynch Refuse One? Chuck…
What a mood ✨
You the truth and it’s about your time💎
i caught golden hr yesterday 🌞💛✨
This  Video with  will never get old   💦💦
I mean it’s true!! I could be addicted to much worse things! 😂
Buy an item, save a pup! 🐶🐾 • 10% OFF Code: "Gold" • 10% is donated to Pet Rescue • Super Fast Shipping! Shop ↠ http…
Hashtag for SMA today ⤵️  Use it in your  votes to trend it for
Juicy🍏
[MV]  - BABY IT'S U (Prod.   ( ▶    h…
i love you baby tae sleep kana congratulations baby boy ❤️❤️❤️😘😍
Getting rid of that child like this. I'm going to hell 🤣
🎨 "On the River Yare, Norfolk", 1883 Robert Bagge-Scott ( 1849–1925) oil on canvas; 48.2 x 73.6 cm Norfolk Mu…
if you delete a tweet bc of the responses you probably care just a little 🤷🏻‍♀️ ☕️
How to Pronounce Halfbreed ↺RT❤
❤💚💗😻💗💚❤😻💚❤💗 You are so beautifulll, mom!😻 💗❤💚😻❤💚💗😻💗💚❤
[INFO] 180125 | EXO is  on the real time Naver hot search rankings! 🔥    EXO COUNTDOWN
Please Use Condoms On Valentines Day We Dont Need No More Scorpios😩
I'm a trans boy with abusive parents and severe dysphoria needing surgery. I need your help❤️ RT/donate here! …
( lhaeun96's story update ) 💛💛💛💛💛💛
- Congratulate ❤❤❤ It's for u 💋
College is a scam ! 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
what’s poppin 😛
I think I am ready to kickstart my Modelling Career 😩 You people should RT biko! My agency might be on your Timeline https:/…
Top Tier Content folks 🤤👍🙌🙏
Mood when I realize  comes out tomorrow!!!! ⚡️ |
Retweet if you’re superstitious 💯
1: 🏺Retweet this⚔️ 2: ⚔️Like this🏺 3: 🏺Want to be part of  ⚔️ 4: ⚔️Follow 5: 🏺Add a  banne…
Oh yea she definitely got fired bruh 😂🤦🏾‍♂️
Thank you Sue. Indeed my day ended very well thanks. No worries, it is understandable. Thanks again 😀👍👌🙌🍻
I ❤ Maze
🔞 Lark's Links ➡ ➡ ➡ ➡…
G Herbo was sick when he found out how much baby formula costs 😂
I’d do this shit for free with the homies 😂
Intoxicate Me 💙💙💙💙💙 9 x 12 Acrylic on Canvas
Sirrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Maatallo cheppalem.. Picha happyyyyyy 🙏🙏🙏🙏 !! LOVE You SUPERSTA…
I♥️ women: don't you?😋
I DON’T WANT TO DIE IN NEW ORLEANS. 📹:
Basically the pattern is: Sending DAY6 on TV BROADCAST ➡️ gain fans / concert goers ➡️ hold CONCERTS ➡️ if the tix sold out…
⬛️ Cable Crusher - Now Only $19.99 Month - - Stop Expensive  - Enjoy   Save
🏆VOTES UPDATE | Louis is still  on the iHeart Awards Best Solo Breakout competition but that doesn’t mean we have to…
Hello from with   🤗💋💋💋
That didn't go to plan then 😂😂😂
🔥 See me live, Sex Chat For Free! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ http…
[ 180126 HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOONBIN❤     …
😞💔missing you...
AND A.R.M.Y LOVES YOU GUYS💓
United's no7 incoming..    🤣😂
🚨 Trump Allies Consider Suing The DOJ Over Mueller Investigation!
I'm not here for people to like me 🤗
Come check out our new ✨ weekly specials! ✨  @ Rock &amp; Brews Overland Park
via 🔝 ALL AMERICANS WHO QUESTION &amp; FEAR THE FUTURE OF OUR COUNTRY PLEASE WATCH THIS VIDEO…
Congratulations to our dearest PDnim 🎉 You deserve all award here for making 😍
Good morning from the Maldives 😌
During Pre-wedding photo shoot and she tells you That she once cheated with your best friend 😞😩😭😂
Me: I want to travel the Whole World'❤🔥 Ammaa: Ok Maghrib sy pehly ghar aa jana' Me: 😐😲😒
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour❗️ 1. BTSARMY - 493.9K+ ↑ 2. EL- 401.5K+ G…
Her lying hasn't changed at all since becoming PM.🙄
Lukaku: “When you score the winning goal in training.” 😂  [ig]
MIKE TYSON vs ANTHONY JOSHUA Prime vs Prime WHO WINS? RT = TYSON wins FAV = Joshua wins 🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧…
OMG MY HEART THAT SMILE 😭😭
n their god mother is Lady Gaga 😂
EXO won the K-wave award 🎉🎉🎉
shit that was loud!! ⛈⛈😂
Please Use Condoms On Valentines Day We Dont Need No More Scorpios😩
The only thing I learned in maths is that I hate maths 😬
Freshly shaved and moisturized looking and feeling like a god damn snack 💅🏻
My bf retweeted this. There’s nothing i love more than making people happy and giving them what they want 😆 …
Y’all act like Culture 2 really that good 😷
At my class .so boring lecture😂
now 6-of-6 from 3-point range! 🔥
Get your tickets to Cosmos at AS Walkway today until 5:30pm!!! 🌟
Congratulations to BTS for winning the Daesang award at the Seoul Music Awards! 🎶🎤🎉 Truly deservinv~ 🏆🏆 …
thanks boo😙
I really can't stop listening to this song over and over again ❤❤❤
What's better than an deep ball? An deep ball. In slow motion! 🆎🆎🆎
Im Crine 🤣😭
[   HAPPY BIRTHDAY   🐺💕🎂
I love weird people😂
✨Gorgeous  &amp;  by 👸🏽 Can’t wait to post more from…
Lol the mc is Jungkook’s noona fan omg his reaction just so cute when she talking him like ‘uri Jungkookie’ 😁🐰💞
Imagine pretending to love to cook-wash-clean-pick cotton everyday just to get man 💀 you ready to keep that energy for th…
Selling this account for cheap hmu ‼️‼️‼️ $40
“Surprised my lil sister too, she almost made me cry 😭”
Demi Lovato Appreciation Tweet 😍😍😍
I had no idea you were this salty.. 😐 You think someone is purehearted and kind and then all of a sudden you discov…
Ecstatic to announce my commitment to continue my academic and athletic career at Butler University in the Fall! 💙
And all supporting documents. 👍🏻🇺🇸
+ Loyalty Ain’t Everything It’s The Only Thing 💯 Nah Fr
When your girlfriend truly understand your career 😂
This year at  sex trafficking isn't only on the streets, it's online. 💻 But here are 2 ways you can take action…
This When TV Was Worth Watching &amp; College Hill Was Poppin 💯
i’m beyond tired 😭 &amp; when the hell did i sign up for an online class ?? Lord be with me
CRYING EVEN MORE 😭😭😭
Prime example of sister solidarity between and 📽: …
God not finished with me yet❗️
All Behind one man SUPERSTAR 😎😎
❤️ Hunt for the Wilderpeople (2016) dir. Taika Waititi ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
BTS IN A LIMOUSINE CAR WITH A POLE IN THE MIDDLE, I LOVE THIS CONCEPT 😏😂  {  }
🤔 Why is it that a fart is easier to release than the memo.
Jus no words blushing 😊
This is wat you get for watching too much Big Bang Theory...😂😂😂 Waiting for the backlash o…
Can’t hate, can only appreciate 😍
🌷 posting this again bc i think its dope 🌷
[TRANSLATION] They always look great but today, NU'BLEs look even better than usual 😭 Handsome and gentle NU'B…
ARMY ⚠️ Please mass tweet for -    now! 🔔  rate increasing faster. Please kee…
180125 - BTS @ 27th Seoul Music Awards 🏆 Producer of the Year Award - Bang PD 🏆 Bonsang - BTS 🏆 Daesang - BTS Congratu…
I knew she was gay but I ain’t know she was gay if that make any sense😂
Thank you! Love you! I’m so glad we got close again!!❤️❤️❤️😂
[ㅡ Daesangs (7)ㅡ] 🏆ㅡAlbum of the Year✔ 🏆ㅡArtist of the Year✔ 🏆ㅡArtist of the Year✔ 🏆ㅡSong of the Year✔ 🏆ㅡGlobal A…
SMA AWARDS; [140123]🏆Rookie of the year [150122]🏆Bonsang Award [160114]🏆Bonsang Award [170119] 🏆Bonsang Award 🏆Dance Perform…
Im Crine 🤣😭
My takeOn  🙏😢🇮🇳
bring my sister home 😭😭💔
I miss talking to you Marisa love 😔💛 — To be honest,i really miss talking to you too..but im really bad at conversa…
🚧 Top Countries who tweeted  🚧 1. PHILIPPINES 2. INDONESIA 3. S. KOREA 4. US 5. CANADA 6. ARGENTINA 7. M…
📹 fallstownj: 😛 sure would like to help you with that
Morning people vs me 😊
Happy heart indeed 😌❤ Storms don't last. *God I pray that this is a good start* 🤗 ALDUB PlatinumKantahan
being straight up is always the best option 💯
SOOOOOOO PROUD OF YOU ABBS!!!!!!❤️❤️❤️
Immeasurable level of sauce with these two 🔥🔥
Classic 💧👅
What a great start! 6 Exchanges !! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 $OCN ocoin $TRX TRON …
Thank you so much Dani 💕 I'm so nervous ffdgdhdh
Diane has time on today 😫😫😭
hey play the cure by lady gaga☺
We for vote   on  💃 ARMY, keep voting and don't forget to tag for SOCIAL 50 💪…
M A N I A has arrived 🌊
"Hi Emily 😘" THIS MADE ME THE HAPPIEST, I CANT BE IN MILAN BUT THIS MADE MY DAY. I love you you can it…
Yes. Yes . Yes 👀👀
Good Morning 🙏🏾🌱
Training for his big match 🥊💪
[ 🌍 Trends]  🏆 is trending  worldwide! (   …
This the funniest arguement ever 😂
Don't stop looking , she needs us to help get her home 🐕👓🔭📲
Thinking you should have gone to Specsavers &amp; then you would know where you was lol 😎
feeding the 🐯
Time for another road trip! Hope to see you along the way: 🚙Farmers Branch, tonight 6:30 (13435 Bee St) 🚙Dallas, morning r…
MS Boys 🏀 beat Cross 44-22 tonight! Shoutout to Alex Devonshire who hit a nice late 3!
Wow am madly in love with this 💋💋💋
Too real 😥
I want them all! 😍📚
Yeah, I'm hearing this and I wanna hear this. 🎞 The Devil Wears Prada | 2006 | David Frankel
I've watched this about 10 times and I can't stop laughing 😂😂
I’ll drop you off alright!!!!! 😝
Tryna help people always backfires 😒
I wanted to post it on my account...😛 💯
Im fucking in love 😋
I want to go get a tattoo tonight🤔
WILDCAT GOAL!!! 🚨Eli Bruellman 🍎Jack Bodem 1-1 , 5 mins left in the second
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Boy Band in the last hour (9am - 10am KST) 1. BTS - 111.8K+ 🔥 2. CN-…
That was intense omg you go boys ! my kings 👍🏼😂❤❤❤❤
Lol i guess not me 🤷🏽‍♀️
♥️Cares About You Anyway♥️
i just stay in my own lane and mind my own business 🤫
Yall go fw that💯💪🔥
Happy birthday to my nigga since day one. We brothers til death 💯
UC-CHUUU! Commission for ♥♥ Thank you again for EVERYTHING ♥
worship music will change your mood realllll quick.😳❗️
That’s my best friend 💪🏼💪🏼
Alec told me that he would go to a Women’s March with me and it made me melt a little because feminism matters to him ❤️
he looked sooo good at the amas 🖤
SA🇿🇦 Twitter, what’s the name of this song please 🙏
Thank you ANI !! For staying back too 🙂
I AM SCREAMING IN MY OFFICE 😭😭😭
Proud cutie. 😍
Best video I've seen😂😂😂 Even Optimus prime got stuck with the "be-ning-nging" virus😭😭 follow this guy🙌😭 …
South Africa's has officially been ranked the best test Bowler in the world🕺😄 Keep retweeting so the whole…
you not my daddy you my man 😊
I ain’t begging nobody to be in my life. the real gone ride. the fake will divide.💯📌🗣
AMEN MY FRIEND!!!❤🙌🙆
guess who's abs are coming in, hellooooooo its me 🙂
Sundate with my Lola 👯💛
Happiest birthday ate !!! 💛💙 Keep being you, we gotchu 👐🏻 You’re an inspiration!!!
Amazing!👏
My mom is so mean 😂😂
Justice for Jessie J 🗣️
They can't do shit to pakistan we have the best army🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰
We're DOUBLE DELIGHT &amp; HAT-TRICK HEAVEN on FGS at the Amex ⚽ Who are you backing to score first? 🤔 Batshuayi 11/4…
thank you!! 😍 it's so pretty in person !!!
🇺🇸 Will Not Be Silenced We Want You At Gitmo No more Pardon Firing Squad Traitor  conspira…
Still fkn mashes my little heed how some lasses will still go for boys with girlfriends 😭😭😭😭 DISAPPEAR
Here goes,  👍👍 Best wishes for an ATBB.. The action begins!
TONIIIIIIGHTTTT PLEASE TUNE IN AND SCREAM WITH ME🤰🏻🤰🏻🤰🏻🤰🏻🤰🏻🤰🏻🤰🏻🤰🏻  …
They are coming 🤣
Nooo my boy 😭😂
When things like this happen I always wonder what is thinking 😂
my lil sunshine 💛
Daesangs (6): 161119 🏆 Album of the Year (Young Forever - MMA) 161202 🏆 Artist of the Year (MAMA) 171201 🏆 Ar…
Girls Alpine gets the W + 5 in the top 10  💙💛⛷
YOU are The Universe exploring itself being YOU.
The MOMENT of Truth! 💌👀
first dance. ❤️
I’ll suck my nigga dick 6 times a day if he wanted me to😂😂
SiR did it with this new album November 🔥🎧
When you love yourself better, you just do better ❤️
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOON🎉
Great start Arsenal ❤️
If you want to follow a cool youtuber, subscribe to meeeee 😘😘
How many fingers can you accommodate?😉
AWWWWW OMG ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ thank u you've made my day
MIC DROP is trending worldwide with 600k tweets! 📣Please put more effort on Best Fan Army! The other fandom is catching…
90% of our new members hook up in the first 24 hours! Come see for yourself!🔞😈 👉 …
I haven’t put makeup on for a little so I think imma look good today and put in effort😆😆😆
im in love with the shape of you 🖤
just apart for 24 hours but idk why i miss this fluffy gentle giant so much ☹️❤️
Latin fantasy 🇲🇽🇧🇷 and me having fun with this gorgeous bottom...
SAD SCHUMER CLOWN 🤡
2/2...I guess U get what U got. 🇺🇸gets an unhappy leader who's really not interested in leading. Clearly 1/3 of his time g…
I’ll suck my nigga dick 6 times a day if he wanted me to😂😂
❥ 14 day; being extra ©Owner
"Banana Boat Song" to banish Banana Republican? 
That’s very true 🤔
I was just trynna send my girl a cute video of our dog and he repeats what I said 😭 tell me if I’m trippin but he says “h…
Aaaaahhhhh man...... The saga continues!❤👄🔥
Drake returned to his usual flow 😍.
Haha, I been on the gram! Some lame bitch in Logan Sq. 🤷🏻‍♀️ come thru and say hey
Me recuerda a Stranger Things 😂
Haven't had this stupid giggly school girl crush feeling in a very long time and I'm very happy about it 🙈😊
Awesome‼️
Fredo was so respected that I never heard a “Fredo” diss record 💯
Heaven's Gate and Hold me tight or don't 💜💜💜
Got In The Gloves Yesterday 🤷🏾‍♂️ Sheesh !!! Watch how slid out the room 😂😂😂
You welcome🍫🍭
😂🤣😂🤣👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼NICE 1 Fiona 🤣🤣🤣👊🏼❤️
Just seen it wow ! Some fifa pro club sh*t that was 😍😍😍😍 plus its always player with the big hair scoring 😂😂😂 …
Enjoy your fishing 😭
Playing some ridiculous football 🙌🏼Lovely to witness 4 goals in the first 20 minutes of a game and it not be at Anfield.
Each And Every Friday 🗓 @ Josephine Lounge 🍾 For VIP/More Info 📲 4708811617 X11
Fast start from &amp; what a finish from their brilliant Brazilian 🇧🇷
Toastmasters District 33 , Division A. Leadership Training 🧐
solo debut smashed multiple records within hours 👏✨
Venice, Italy 🇮🇹
So many publications reported matter-of-factly that Nhlanhla Nene is the new Eskom Chairperson😢
What is up with the laundry detergent things? You’re probably better off doig the drugs. 😂
I was just trynna send my girl a cute video of our dog and he repeats what I said 😭 tell me if I’m trippin but he says “h…
LAZIEST. CAT. EVER. 😹
Trophies in the last 12 years: Michael Carrick - 18 Chelsea - 13 Arsenal - 6 Man City - 6 Liverpool - 3 Spurs - 1 🏆 https://t…
🔒🔒🔒🔒🔒 Bills defense held steady in turnover differential:
y’all be like i’m gonna drop out of school and be a stripper, but my sis said i’m gonna do both WOW I stan 🌟 …
Whoever makes these stuff needs to get a life 😂😂😂
😚 Happy weekend dear Posie and dear Mario 🙌 Fond both very cute 🐈🐈❤️❤️ …
Me me me    people don't vote 😭 follow me and my other account
I didn't know Jean Suits existed 😂
Me when i lost my phone SD Card: ugh it's just photos and pictures don't get too attached Me when I'm about to reset my pc: 😢😢😢😢😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
This dog is happy to walk as slow as his owner needs ❤️
charmatism bb HAHAHAHAH thankyouuu awee 💕😍 ily &amp; imy ☹️
you are a disgrace to the human race‼️ Our  sacrifice their lives for us every day🇺🇸 What have you ev…
Welcome 2018👌🏼
[THAISUB] 160906 NU'EST @ The SHOW - Warm Up Time
silly ass niggas , I play it how you play it 🤡🖕🏾😌
Go watch new video 💕 👉"REACTING TO KPOP "👈 ✨ ✨  give it like👍and subs✅ x6
I full on just sobbed😭😭 I miss you so much💔
A partial list of what  Democrats will be jeopardizing by shutting down the government over  ➡  se…
I'd love to talk to you about your requirements ❤️
A THREAD‼️ Hi guys, I’m a 4th year Bcur (nursing science) student from Nelson Mandela university, I sell these clothes with…
Gain 200+ followers in 10min 👉Retweet 👉Like 👉i'll follow back everyone 👈pls follow back Let's gooooooooooooo
I don’t like sweet pasta 😂
So over this Mexican and Latina trend 🙄 all of a sudden everyone’s proud af!
Please let me know once they’ve answered you 😭😭
What is it with parents leaving your car in first gear ??? About launch myself through the window every time 🤢
Need tickets to tomorrow's  game? RT to win 2 tickets and play Super Skee Ball on the parquet! 🔁 Official…
Hi 😃 How are you? I motivate, I'm Verified and follow back on Instagram! 📷 Follow ''SomethingLikeKites''…
Man united is simply the best 🔥🔥🔥
Satan out here doing the most 😂😂marketing and shii
Final scores from last nights home opener. A great team effort &amp; a great team win! A.O.B.O. 💯
If you admire women, you must follow this page 👀😘
🔥Live Webcam Sex Chat For Free! 🔥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ https://t…
Happy birthday to one of the most talented ballet parking guy 💕💕💕
I vote  for  at  ⭐️
re: your scheduled tweets 😆
💥Mick Mulvaney Exposes and Buries Chuck Schumer! "You have to ask yourself at what point does it even become profitable to…
Buy my ticket 😭😭 lol I'll see what I end up doing cause I'm off at 1
happy bday big dog! 🎈🎈 party hard bro!
Jewelled wrist cuff. 💎✨
Extremely happy, proud and most of all.. really inspired! Many congratulations  🇮🇳 on winning the
STFU! DICTATOR! OF your little CULT BASE! 🤑 Follow the Money! 👎⚖️😱
[INFO] Jackson wins most popular male singer award @ the 2017 Dragonfly FM year end awards 👑🎉✨
Wowzers 😮
kiss your adam's apple.  😍😍😘😘😚😚😄😃😙😙
SOTW for Duo, Mini, Sevens, and Tens begins in 30 Minutes! Retweet &amp; Follow us for a chance to win a Velt+ rank! 🎁 Pearling…
Crackers Took My Niggas For Trynna Protect The Neighborhood 🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾
Arrazou 💜
“Momma I’m trynna cook for you”😂😩
Looking to get into esports. HMU. 👌
fuck r.i.p. fredo 💔
As there were so many ppl in the airport, someone fell down and Jennie is worry about the fan so she show this face😖
is only one day this is hunger games!!😭 hopefully im lucky to get a ticket please help me LORD😭😭 https…
It's getting tense towards the bottom of the  table! 😰 Expecting any changes to this over the weekend? …
A cold day in January by 우유님 [bangjae]💕(:◎)≡ yg: it's cold but you come out dressed like this? yj: if i wear padding you ca…
i am hollering, this lil boy hilarious💀
📌 — hello, this is an account dedicated to yves and kim lip! please rt this tweet to let people know about it and support o…
📺📺 Video Alert 📺📺 x Sheba Ngwan'O Dope Lyrics. Dope Delivery. I'm loving chorus, it's fire. The video…
This dog is happy to walk as slow as his owner needs ❤️
Another night with ❤️😍 Can't wait for Night  tomorrow!
When Drake said “I only love my bed &amp; my Momma, I’m sorry” i felt that on a spiritual level 😂
The style of the players during the Ballon d’Or ceremony 10 years ago. 😂🙈
[💗] [bigmatthewww] 180102 BM instagram story update
I hope my future husband this happy to marry my annoying ass 😩🙄
[HQ] 171120 Your smile makes my day~&gt;\\&lt;🐰🐧
Colored sketchbook page from this afternoon 🍋
I be disappearing outta folks life , gracefully and silently 😂 I’m a ninja
180113 — © sweetest
Congrats to my baby Hyunbin-ah! 😍💕Ranking  in January Boy Group Member Brand 👏👏🎉💕💕
😂😂😆😆love uuu, takecare of yourself
fever 💃🏽
Happy Birthday lad 🎈🎈🎈
There is NO difference between David and Catherine, and Ten and Donna... 😂
KEYWORD FOR TODAY 20JAN 🎤 MIC DROP 🎤 MASS VOTE NOW
Since it’s still Aoi’s birthday here let me post this 🤣 kjhgff 😭💖
vice trying to get k’s attention 💛💛💛 (c)
"DONT START MOMMA" lmfaoo 😂
Facts! 🙏🏾 .........  with get_repost ・・・ A family that pray together stay…
I know I’m not the only one who see this man post a beat under almost every post 😭
📣We're now leading with 0.25%📣 ⚠If you're donating points to other people, MAKE SURE THEY'RE ARMYs! There's antis out t…
UPDATE: We’re so excited will be speaking at  in Las Vegas tomorrow! 📷: …
What About Us 🦋 • lead single, available now
I can hear you saying MASSIVE truly with devoured emotions 😇😘😘😘
I so sick if these baria taking our women. Do we come take your Shaniquas from you 😒
i love being home in my room being ugly in peace 😌
☁ Love always wins ☁
Love Galore, Bodak Yellow, Teenage Fever, And Love  😍🙈 || , , , …
Ill rather listen to music loud while the tv turnt down just so i want hear romo opinions💯
Seriously though... what more could you ask for? 🔥👒😜 Nachos all the way!!
🎁 Glock-18 | Water Elemental  ✅ RT + Like ✅ Follow Me ✅ Tag 2 Friends 48 hours ⏳ Good luck! 🍀
i love being home in my room being ugly in peace 😌
He say he love me like Lucy..😛
📹 via Instagram Stories
Back to Pittsburgh 🛫
Bag it up 👛 Shop the Martha Bag 👛 -
More time for this ⬇️
omg this that pussy pink color😍😍😍
Bakayoko is useless as the P in Psychiatry😹😹
RT: Do your kids want to program LEGO® robots to do something or detect something? 👾 🤖 🖥️
Good Snow Day Twitter.. ❤♠🎶🎸🎸
Congratulations love for 25K💜 you deserve it baby, i'm waiting for your beautiful picture at fanmeeting Happy Ever After💜💜💜💜
God please bring her back to good health 💯
If true then a large proportion of Americans have been very unhappy for decades 😂
Wow this BANGS 🔥🔥🔥
At the beginning of 'Come Back Home', Jin showed us his high vocal range with this impressive falsetto👏
RT &amp; follow for a chance to WIN a Princess Leia [with Speeder Bike] Pop! Deluxe. 📦 The Smuggler's Bounty…
I love you beautiful, give me my kisses 😄❤
hii rt this if it’s okay for me to send you nudes when I feel like it ✌️☺️
He squared up with ONLY A LOOK. Cats are the devil bruh. 😭😭😭
✨BIGBANG LAST DANCE IN SEOUL 12.30✨ 💎💎💎
Florida water 💦
Bill Belichick challenging up 28💀 now THAT’S petty.
Same. But damn can they win 😵
Yes! See you tonight 😘
When I say "what's up" I'm not asking how you're doing. I just want to know why you contacted me 🙄
Being happy is the best😍😍
180113 MUSTER    I’m dead🙃
THANK YOU K-DIAMOND 💜💜💜💜
Sanitation crew is off so ill finally have a quiet plant 🤞😋
Hey  babes, show some 💙 to by RTing this tweet to vote for them for   https://…
Looking in the mirror I thank God for what I’m about to be 🌹
have the best relationship with yourself before anyone 😘
felt a little bit sad last night.. for those people who didn’t attend my special day 😿 bUT BEYONNNND GRATEFUL AND HAPPY FOR THOSE WHO CAME
Jeon Jungkook💖
Love u😍😘
These niggas is clowns 😂
Sema CrimeThriller .....✌❤❤ All the very best Bro......😇😇😍😍👍❤ Teaser Link : 👇👇👇 https…
THAT PART‼️
Today's thread of votes (Champion Remix rap lyrics by RM) 🐨    https:/…
I know why you are laughing...you immoral heathen 😂
I liked a video SMASH OR PASS FT SAVAGE MOM!! SHE IS IN LOVE WITH SOLLUMINATI!? THATS TUFF 😂😍
Lolol ngena wena ghel rock his DM😂😂😂😂😂
Happy birthday to our lil balloon booper 🎈
Gidding13™ 2018 New series… ☞『Giza BOX』｜Gidding®13™
xqc is such toxic trash and dallas started getting pounced when he started playing 🤔🤔🤔
Who ignores you?!Tell me 🙄🔫 hahahah! 😂...😉
i need to learn how to stop caring bout people who dont care bout me 😴
Our 2eun for 2k18!!! 😂😂
i love being home in my room being ugly in peace 😌
The best dancer, best voice and best actor ❤️
Everytime my mom hears me crying in my room she slips a Juul and some Juul pods under my door 😭😭😭 …
Beautiful, life affirming stuff 🙋🏻‍♂️
his duality 😂
Fast replies and french fries. 🙌🏻
⏬ watch ⏬
FOOL MY LIL CUZZIN IN MIDDLE SCHOOL SENT ME THIS😂😂😂😭
Cuddle me &amp; rub my booty while I play with your ear 🙊✨💕
pied piper lyrics: 📑📚📔📖📕✏️📏📝📎📌📂📋📎📄✏️📗📚📝📐📏📎✏️📚📋✏️📚📄📃🎒📃📁📕📂✏🖇️📚✏️✏️🎒📂📚✏️🎒📋📂🖇✏️ pied piper choreography: 💀⚠️💦🔪🔞💣💀🔥🔫🔞💀🔪💦🔪💣💀🔫🔞💦💀🔪…
Nod if you love  💙
Happy Pongal, Happy sankranthi to all ☺️☺️
Backwoods I been living backwards 🌵
You are something else 😍
It’s cute😍 By Meyly
Hey  babes, show some 💙 to by RTing this tweet to vote for them for   https://…
Projected on the San Francisco Federal Building on Friday night 🙃
•NEW MATT'S VIDEO• LINK: 👻Like and subs👻 🌷 🌷 🌠TRUTH or DARE w/ Jc Cay…
Letting everything all out in the gym today 💪🏽
My son is the biggest asshole, but at least he still cares. 😭😭
Aww well if I ever meet you I wont let you ninja out!! You have no say in it either! 😊
AWP Dragon Lore Giveaway 💛 -RT -Like -Open your free gift at The winner will be picked tomorrow 😎…
BLACK PANTHER MOVIE 🐾🐾🐾🐾
me🥂irl
yes bibi girl takecare we love you. 😻😚 salamat beshie sheena and badong
I don't know 😭
Everybody ain’t yo friend ‼️🚫🗣💯
RB Leipzig sit 5th on 28 points 👊 Schalke sit 2nd on 30 points 🙌 This evening's Bundesliga game on BT Sport 3 HD prom…
Jackson blowing kisses at fans as he leaves the venue 😭 Cr: dwyjee
👉Follow everyone likes/retweets this👈
on Best New Music / Music For Your Wknd together w/ and feat 💥💥💥…
So Cute! 12 Women Whom You Should Give The Wife Of The Century Award 😍😍
Gotta be prepared for it because of our prior history. So when we actually do win I can be even more excited 😂
8. Wind - INFINITE HE WHISTLED ALONG TO THE CHORUS YES DAD THAT’S RIGHT SUPPORT YOUR SON IN LAW AND HIS BROTHERS ✨
180113 Happy Ever After 🐯🐯
okay but like...how are K-Armys still breathing? 😂😱😱😱
Tweet for shilpa😘😘 Shilpa Shinde For The Win
everytime u doing good saving like u should some unplanned bs always gotta come up 🙄🤦🏼‍♀️
and y’all wanna come for our leaders manners 😭😭
Who did this?🤣🤣🤣
180113 MUSTER    I’m dead🙃
AMAZING: The football world’s view on which Manchester team Alexis Sanchez will sign for. 😂⚽️👏 (🎥 …
Haha  is worst character ever I have watched in tv😂😂😂
Lil Gnar &amp; Lil Skies crusin' down the street..🔥🏁
Who knows what a pig says ??? 😂😂😂
My son gone be throwin up gang signs before he can talk.♿️✌🏾🚾🤟🏾🈳👉🏾🈂️🤙🏾🅿️🤘🏾
Had a great show in Glasgow with 👌 See you tomorrow in Birmingham! Get your tickets here: …
Change the policy to what exactly? 🤔
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry,Show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile😀
What a great ending😃
[!] Top Countries that tweeted  trend:  🇧🇷 Brazil 🇺🇸 United States 🇦🇷 Argentina 🇲🇽 Mexico…
Go listen to new 🔥
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this🎉✅
•GAME DAY•  🆚 at 6:00pm/ct Listen 📻 to LETS CHEER 📣 ON OUR JETS ✈😊👏☝👊…
THIS IS SO ACCURATE😂
That Swag..👌  😍😍😍
Kodak surges after announcing plans to launch cryptocurrency called 'Kodakcoin' 😮
hands up hands up hands up 👋🏽👋🏽👋🏽👋🏽👋🏽👋🏽👋🏽👋🏽👋🏽👋🏽 all my friends, from the front to the back... sway swAY OOHhh NOOO 🙌…
"When we are together, even the desert becomes the sea" 💜
🚨 ALERT 🚨 HERES THE STORY NOBODY IS TALKING ABOUT REAL RUSSIAN COLLUSION ⬇️⬇️ 11-count indictment was handed out Frida…
I need some mouth 😓😎
Have u ever made out in each other’s jizz? 😏 — Is this a question?
I like that quote I found the other day, "The Matrix isn't a movie it's a documentary" 😉
HIS HANDS ... ❤
its cold❄❄❄❄🌬🌬🌬☃☃☃😲
Dude is annoying as HELL. 😂
Love you too❤️❤️❤️
Stop getting your bf/ gf name tatted if y’all not even steady 🗣
Watermelon ice cream is a thing. 🍉😍
⚡FOLLOW HELP VIP ⚡ 🔥
K WAVE 2 2018 just ended 🎊🎊 And K WAVE 3 1st line-up announcement,  🎉 K WAVE 3 will be coming soon this ye…
Will Tina make it through Valentine's Day? 💘 Tune in TOMORROW at 8:30/7:30c to find out!  …
😭😭😭😭 you are the best, thank you, that means so much to me 💞💞💞
Can you imagine the fear? 🤔😣
This Chrome Extension proved that my son Donald Trump is 8yr old LMFAOOOOO...🤣
Does Cristiano Ronaldo know he is selling Titus fish and Turkey in Ipaja 😂😂
my heart is.. red ❤    180111 GDA     …
We are giving away 6,000,000  to our supporters 🤩. Tokens will be equally divided among 6,000 users (each one…
🚀🤩💡Have you seen the new updated website? Please visit and let us now what you…
It's that time again🔥🔥 RT If you're online and follow back Follow everyone that retweets
THIS MAY BE THE BEST PLOT TWIST OF 2018 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 ht…
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Quoting her basically sent your fans to attack her. How low... 🔥ARMY! He thinks we are playing aro…
Compensation. OVER conversation 🤑
Same! Cause the makeup’s the same all way through!  for Allstars 3 🤩
BBomb is not blonde, but his hair looks so good with that color!! he looks so bright and different 💕💕💕💕💕
180113 Happy Ever After 🐯🐯
I'm the kid that licks the milk out of his teaspoon like a cat 😂
Everybody ain't your friend 🙅‍♂️
One of the most popular kdrama is on iflix! ❤️ Get your iflix premium now for only 50 php/month! may download option d…
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Am dead The economy is bad jare
Jst d day before final 1m+ in 3 hours .n on final day shilpa with bb11 trophy 🏆 Shilpa Shinde For The Win
😘Ladies❣️You are my ❤️🔥☕️🔥❤️ ✅  (After Midnight PST)
Time to Gain 250+ active followers now I follow everyone Don't rt/like if you don't follow baxk 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow every…
in my feelings 😒 lol
Boonk pulls out gun during interview 😳
Only $39 SAT and ACT Assessments for the month of January. Call to schedule! 973-593-0050. 👍🏻🍎📓📝…
with the outlet pass to  🗳✅
Stray Kids’ MIXTAPE album photo got hung on JYP building. 😊
We should all learn to develop this habit. It will humble us in such a beautiful way. 🙌🏼👌🏼🌹
If Lesotho twitter supports its own this is one way to prove it  🔥
Leave a message📮.
Honored to stand with this woman and women everywhere tonight for equality, parity, safety and inclusion. 🖤
Deija literally get sloppy drunk off one shot omg 🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️
The video 👇
how the squad be at the function 😈
🔥Live Webcam Sex Chat For Free! 🔥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ https://t…
By the way, thank you so much for the hard work it is truly appreciated! 💜 I vote for
You keep thinking that sunshine 😘
Have you voted for  to win  at our  today? 😬🎉 DO IT NOW -&gt; …
honestly, no one deserves me 🤷🏽‍♀️
who's responsible 💀🤦🏽‍♀️
We LOVE unapologetic 42-year-old male Swifties. ❤️
It's time to take a throwback into the past! Hint: It's the story of a naval officer!   …
You guys did find my bag so for that I say thank you but I’m still never flying with or suggesting you guys again 🙅🏽‍♂️
Hi bae Please follow everyone who RT this tweet? AND GUYS, WATCH NEW VIDEO ✨ ✨…
8️⃣ goals in his last 🔟 appearances... 🔥  is your Man of the Match!
I have plus size clothing as well! ❤️
Nip slips 😉
We are amazed by the possibilities of  🎙😳 Ask your  to ‘play the Behind The Smoke podcast’…
ggs always a blast playing against you guys, definitely was an exciting match 😊
Same af 🌚
WE DOIN ASSIGNMENTS 2-3 DAYS AHEAD AND TURNIN IN EXTRA CREDIT WORK LIKE ITS REQUIRED ALL 2018 ✨
If Wynne gets in 👇
We’re glowing over here ✨
Oh damn. 👀
These guys are the real deal and crazy fun to watch! Let’s get them to the All-Star game folks! Much love fellas! 😎
just letting God do his thing with my life rn🙂
i got gas fa days 🤦🏽‍♂️😩
our traveling experience 😂
We're melting.  is nominated for  at the  RT to vote for Batman! ❤️ https://t.…
RT:  for STEM Summer Camp 🖥️ 🎮 💎 🆒 🌞 🕰️
Literally you 😂😂
📣 I'm starting live on  !
Lavar really got 100k people watching a Lithuania basketball game, &amp; has top scouts already there LIVE. What a goat. 😂🐐
you know dear ❤
Trust Trump!! 🇺🇸🇰🇷
Home in 24 hours 👀
Congratulations to all the finalists! Can't wait to see you at the final in Feb! 🍔🍔🍔
phosphophyllite💎
here you gooo budy😍❤️❤️😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
miss you to babe ma 😘
[ Text: Mina!🌸 ] &lt;&lt; Maybe... after school. &gt;&gt;
Prayers up for Texas guard Andrew Jones who has been diagnosed with leukemia. Here's to a speedy recovery 🙏 🙏 🙏 …
Hello night shift 😴
😭😭😭😭 some of y’all’s tattoo man should’ve been this honest with y’all
"watch me Denise, there's a knack to this😃😃
Holding it down in this kitchen👩🏽‍🍳
ugh, i'm so tired😩
Me either or the 3some I’m on the outside looking in and I honestly think I’ll just save all my time !😂😂
Lovely!!! So cute! ♥️♥️♥️
Airborne Toxic Event Most underrated: literally every single piece that they have ever put out, all perfection ✨
God that giveth talents. Where art thou? 😩😩😩
Ek Number 👌 👌 is mad.. Hope she gets husband like
[ENGSUB] 180110  Backstage Interview at the 32nd Golden Disc Awards 2018 after winning Digital Bonsang!! 😂💕 ▶️https:/…
✨ MY ART MADE IT INTO THE MARVEL EXHIBIT!! AHHH ✨
GDA❤ yey congrats iu and ofc bts🎉💖
‘Older girls love hating on us younger tings, not my fault your man wants to suck these gcse tiddies’ naaaa I can’t hahaha😂😂😂 cyaibitttt😭
WE ARE ONE! ❤
Making parking easy and comfy 🚗: The Bosch community-based parking system is one of our highlights at  https://t.…
Lonzo Ball 5️⃣ Points 🔟 Rebounds 🔟 Assists 6:40 remaining
thanks for your words, kak faridzaaaaaaaaa i love you 😭❤🌠
Vote For Shilpa Shinde Please 🙏
69 days until SPRING! 🌸 🌺 🌻 🌷
Family ties! We push each so we can stand alone when needed but we move as 1 unit so it makes us even stronger! 💪🏾✊🏾🙏🏾👑
My dear 🐰💜😳
got safe kyunki wo  ke saath loyal tha 👍  got evicted because he was not loyal with  👎 I want…
October of 2018 will mark my 5th year in my relationship! 💙 I love my hunny. Literally my high school sweet heart.💏
Gyrfalcon Showcases Lightspeeur®, the Ultra-Low Power and High Performance AI Chip at 2018 CES
Early in, early out 💓🎉 (@ Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) Terminal 3 - in Pasay City)
☕️ Eun’s Cafe ☕️ leading the polls for a vote of which NJTTW Spinoff viewers would like to see next! Twitter users can vo…
Uncle Alfie babysitting 😍
Dang why you gotta remind me about that part😩
Thinking of suicide is best solution✋😐
👏  👏  👏 RT or use those hashtags to vote!!!!
ate jef, thank you, you've been with the entire time 😍
Jesus💔
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOONY🎉
goodnight, guimaras 🌛
she kissed me back😭😭😍
💯 - B e s t - O f - M y - H a p p i n e s s - - N a e o m i ❌ T a l i a - - L 💓 v e - O n e - S i d e - ✊
If the barber gives you this look, your hair has been messed up 😂😂
UNDERRATED ANIMATED MOVIES 🎥🎬: A THREAD
DNA Replication 📌Error Rate: 1 error for every 100 million nucleotides that are incorporated into DNA [10^-8] 📌Proofread…
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show NeeneelovinHerboys:
22. Did that pillow burn him??? 😂 lmao he was ready to FIGHT
BITCH😍
Mann I love that girl ❤️
All I did was blink... The power of ARMY ⭐⭐⭐!! WE. CAN. DO. IT !!    to vote 🙏💜!!!
upload again..😭
Pls RT 2018 Motion Picture Soundtrack 2nd DVD Project 'Master Recording II' ( ) 💸 ราคา 1850 บาท 🗓 ปิดรับ 26…
Diamond has a fanchant 😍 The atmosphere will be lit
Women I’m sorry for the shit y’all go through.... it truly does sound terrible 🤦🏽‍♂️
🏆  ได้รับรางวัล Digital Bonsang ใน งาน 32nd Golden Disc Awards 2018!! 🎉🎉 Video by 330song_thk …
has just stopped giving a damn in interviews😂 the ones in these awards were great: Yoongi’s butt, Namjoon’s fortune co…
THE TIME IS FINALLY HERE 😍😍😍👅👅 Come celebrate DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER 💎💎" Birthday…
No means No. Regardless of gender or sexuality. ✌🏼 Unfortunately India thinks everything is a personal attack against…
INCREDIBLE!! called the Coutinho transfer in November! Most reliable source for transfer news!📝💰 https…
"Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift are just the CUTEST friends. 💕" - Cosmopolitan on Instagram.
My man got mad at me for not keeping my phone charged while I work all day.... 😓 when he says no drama, he’s the mo…
y'all gotta stop expecting so much that's why y'all be so hurt at the end😂
🚨🚨 Alright  you know what to do. 👊 VOTE VOTE VOTE for to win  at our  VOTE HERE…
Big Goals For This 2018 Spring Semester All A’s &amp; B’s !! 💯
After Hyukjae teased Yesung for his spelling mistake, yesung edited it 😂😂😅 i love tom and Jerry
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOONY🎉
y’all. my momma was trynna send my sister an animoji and this is what happened. i died 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why  Can win Big Boss 11 Here is the 10 Reason 👇👇
5 Million Users on
Roomie love. ❤️
if you not my boo stop worrying bout me 🤯
Stroking while I’m high feels so good.  to see me bust this nut. 💦
vote Hala Arkoub and Iman Hojeij for best duo (mock elections by friday) 👯‍♀️👯‍♀️👯‍♀️
Electric kiss    💪
love it! two beautiful subjects indeed😍good capture,Hopie❤
I'm a beautiful bigboobs female💓
: 💞 💟💟 💞 ©Owner
This is awesome ❤
Making it through Wednesday thanks to a new episode of 🙌
🕶H U N C H O x B L A N K O👓
Tobago's Atlantic coast - it's called the Windward Coast for a reason!! 🌞🌞
Scottish Independence. Sort EU membership afterwards. 💚😊
🚧 BTS are nominated for Best Boy Band at iHeart Awards! ✅ Vote 1:    ✅ Vote 2:…
When you're the only person you fuck with 💀
😳😳😍I love TheChepo Trendy SALE! ENTIRE STORE IS $0.00 AND YOU JUST PAY SHIPPING! *UNLIMITED ITEMS at checkout!!!!! htt…
Cup and handle forming...you guys ready? $XRB  🚀
No way do people think Kalanks is Laca I’m screaming 😂😂😂😂😂
At least he was honest! 😂
For everyone asking....The next  video will "air" 😂 tomorrow morning on my IG!!! Tonight, Let's all suppor…
I love tellin a nigga “you be playing” when I don’t want him lmao they be confused af. 😭😭
Signing for  in 1995... time flies! ❤️👊🏾⚽️
I gotta 4 day weekend 🤪
Well done on losing 5 calories+1 Disc today!!😂👏👏👏
My baby J 😋😂 you know who lol
84 million Egyptians 🇪🇬 + 2.5 million Eritreans 🇪🇷 vs 350 million East Africans 🇪🇹🇸🇩🇰🇪🇺🇬🇷🇼🇧🇮🇹🇿🇨🇩🇸🇸 😂
Oh my fuck 😂😂😂😂
Dont get me wrong but this also gavee feels😂🔥💗
Could y'all do it?! 🤔👇
team yellow says hello👋
If you have 0 hoes , retweet this 🙄
Good luck boo ❤️
🐍🐍 Big Black Cocks are keeping My slutty sissy busy tonight ♠️ I love when cucks pay to serve BBC 💸
However I’m also fairly certain you’ve seen the rosters by now so feel free to send them my way 🤗
Pls give a look, follow and support if u can.  👌Nice one guys
Yixing's smile here is priceless.... 😘😘
I need some mouth 😓😎
🎇 CONGRATULATIONS for winning at the 32nd Golden Disc Awards - Digital Song Division !!! 🎊
🏟 Anfield 🔁 Camp Nou 🏟 The men who have played for Liverpool and Barça 👇👇👇
Wish somebody would go pay this lawyer&amp; insurance for Me 🙄 ion feel like moving nor driving FUCK❗️
[PREVIEW] 180110       Cr. (MADEIN1997) 🌙 …
changsub BTOB look so proud on IU in here 😄
Who else is always faithful whenever in a relationship. RT Let's know ourselves 😁
When you love someone you need to deal with a lot of shit especially if you want them to be in your life forever. 😌
🔥 ★⭐★⭐★ ⊶🅑⊶ ⊶🅔⊶ ⊶🅢⊶ ⊶🅣⊶ ☛ 💦 💦 💦💦 ⭐Be a Member for…
Team of Drivers' Champion 1988: McLaren 📸 1998: McLaren 2008: McLaren 2018: ❓
She's pretty😻😻
🏈  Playoff Game Ball Giveaway 🏈 Retweet &amp; follow for a chance to win an official game ball from the playoff win…
Took almost 4 years for Modiji to give sanction 🤔. UPA *may* have held it up on environmental grounds. Which crony did Modiji h…
Visual representation of me falling back... ✌🏾😘
Dawg my little brother asked for my girlfriend number and this is the kinda shit he sends her. Watch the end😂 like why…
can someone bring me some warm cinnamon rolls 🙁
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark: 🆕Vince Gray Floral Long Sleeve Crew Neck S. via…
5th award for Mersal😎  . .
WHERE YALL AT 👿
May Allah give us the strength to take care of our parents the way they took care of us 👪❤️.
Where these kind of men at?😴
He just can’t let her go! Maybe she will actually be the one to make him really flip out once and for all😂
RT or get bad luck for 2018 😫
I want a girl with pepperoni nips so I can feel like I'm eating pizza 💘
Not tryna leave anytime soon 🤟
😎 He got back into the promotion picture. 🚌 With away wins at Blackpool, Bury and Walsall. 👏 It will come as no…
congratulations for winning best new artist!! i’m so proud of them!!❤️❤️
It’s 2018 I’ll be as extra as I want ✨
Time to start dancing because "Really Really" is on 🎶
My sensible sweet friend ko happy birthday 🎂 🎂 🎆🎇🎉🎊🎉🎆🎇🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎇
You are thee most annoyed guy rn. 🙆 askies on everything's behalf.
This city's too small everybody knows everybody thru someone🙃
Dawg my little brother asked for my girlfriend number and this is the kinda shit he sends her. Watch the end😂 like why…
🎁 NEW GIVEAWAY 🎁 Rolling in 20min - Visit: ✔️ - Visit: ✔️ - Subs…
Looks like we might start seeing  $SC listed on some new exchanges soon 🙌💪🤞
Darling, don't be afraid, i have loved you for a thousand years i'll love you for a thousand more 💖 Te amo meu presentin…
Showed it to my bro and he says “where’s this fool at?” 👏🏽🤬 exactly.
[ iHeart: Tweets+RTs] Since voting began: 1. BTSARMY - 2.41M+ 🌟 2. EL - 1.12M+ 3. HN - 430.1K+ Vote:
keep my distance , lay low , and do my thing. positive vibes only ✅❗️
☠️ BIKER DOPE ☠️ A biker's gotta have their priorities straight... Stainless Steel Skull Ring Beer Bottle Opener https:…
Fast pace 🤔
Love her cute outfit 😍 she is so adorable 😩
Very very blessed and lucky 🙌🏼
meets 🙌 https://…
Ruth Bader Ginsburg just threw a major wrench into Donald Trump’s plans for the Supreme Court. She's staying! 💖🤗 https:…
Can’t wait till vacation dreams become our lifestyle  💪🏾
💫random vids thread💫
When my Nigga say: “bae say cheese” 😂😂
then making it hotter and hotter as time goes by😩
School is about to start back Lord please remove this lazy spirit and help me stay motivated and focus all Spring semester 😭🙌🏾
Got all the bops during  to get you to the weekend!🔥💯
👀 | It’s done… 🇹🇷
I’m in LA and I went to the beach for the holidays 🤙
nobody will go to Mugshots with me☹️
Today on our blog 👉 everything you need for a backcountry snowboard mission in the province of Quebec. 🏂🏔🏂...
Taurus is accurate 👌
a followback please? ❤ -smutgen
I regret some of the shit I did when I was younger because this shit always come back up like fuck 😒
Ghana tonight! 😇
would you like some ointment for that burn 🔥 or you have your own Nikhil Wagle to lick 'em ?
She makes a nigga heart skip a few beats 😍
오빠❤️😍 171225 SBS 가요대전 Mic Drop Stage Seriously can’t get over with this classy…
2 weeks na labada is not a joke. 😣😣😣
Y’all all lames 🤢
Vedo x 4 walls😝
Knight 🐴
went out there and poured my heart out every single night! Big up &amp; the whole team 🇬🇭🇦🇺🇬🇧 what a tour!…
Every little things gunna be alright. 🎶🎶
Reply to this tweet with "ifb" and follow everyone who likes your tweet🏹
I’m still out searching for my other half... thanks for that Zeus 😒
HINA DESERVE BB11 TROPHY For me world is nt important bt for me u important to Love 😘 💖
WHICH ONE? ⚪️ LEAVE IT SYNCED ⚪️ UNSYNC Me be like:
rt to win: morphe 12 piece black and white travel set must be following me &amp; ✨
Wow I'm pretty as fuck I just love myself❤️
🖤  01/06/18…
I wanna roll up again lol 😋🤣
You can ask a nigga for nothing and he still won’t have it 🤦🏿‍♀️
"Take, that, and that and that, ya faker!" 😂
CAKE 🤭😂
Infuckindeed 😉😘💋
I’m super sexual but like also I’m super shy which don’t mix well 🤦🏾‍♀️
my best friend 💕✨
Sorry, I don't do this ☺
When you like someone and they're dating someone else 😐
Do small things with great love.." RT- When the massage touched you.🙇🙇
🍭 💖 ButtFever - Wanna put it in my butt, and cum in my mout…
Tomorrow, 6.00 pm. Khanomjeeb is coming!!" ☺️
Treat me right and I’ll treat you like a queen 👌🏼
follow me on the gram! 👇🏾👇🏾👇🏾👇🏾👇🏾
OMG  is trending 1st in Brazil and 1st Indonesia 👏❤
..well i guess that means i didnt win..😂❤❤❤congrats to whoever it is!!!💜💜💜
“So my little cousin is starting taekwondo and..” 😂
🤘HAPPY BIRTHDAY JB🤘 OUT LOVELY LEADER
If You're NEAR A Western Union/Money Gram &amp; Interested In Making $3K+📊💰In 45 Minutes⌚️👀Dm Me Now If You Have Any Questio…
LANY 💝🌹
Also, I really think stepping on a dog's bone is the equivalent of stepping on a child's lego😅
Turns out, Logan Paul's trip to Japan was problematic for many reasons 😡
the girl showing her butt in walmart in my last tweet is funny 😂
I GET MY CAR BACK 100% TOMORROW. Doing a shoot with in it 🤘🤘
Click My Link &amp; Load To Activate,, Use Code :: “Chatiel12” For A 10% Discount When Ordering !! ✨   ✨ http…
Best answer ever. 😂
IMPOSSIBLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 🎶
Sid... how do you do that whole hand-eye thing? 🤷‍♂️
'FINESSE' - Female Rap Megamix. Out Now. 💞
I need a prom date 😭😩
Go out and support our Spartan Soccer Team! 💪🏼⚽️🏆
THIS ‼️‼️
“What the hell are you doingggga?!” The cry of every mom ever 😂
I can tell right away that it’s not sehun 😒
👀 | It’s done… 🇹🇷
📆 Today 4pm-9pm @ Grainworks Brewing Company (7790 Service Center Dr, 45069)
getting my nails done was well needed 😂 I was tired of looking at those xmas themed nails.
Have you heard the new  song with and ? 😏🔥 You’re welcome 😋
😂🤣 “Baba Ijebu”! True talk and reality of a lot of startups
You all real life hate people who laugh all the time and just give positive energy. You need deliverance 🤷🏿‍♂️and help, idiotskis oshi
It’s going to be 77 degrees when I land in Phoenix 😊😊😊
Single people roll call 🗣🗣🗣 drop a pic, your age, and location down below. Y’all might find your soulmate in this thre…
Gym sesh with my baby 💪🏼
How could I forget it! It was pretty phenomenal!!! 💜💛🐯🔥
Sweetness 🍥🍭💕
95% of my debit transactions are food transactions 😩
Penguin falls down resulting in best sound ever 😂
The original "Is water wet" 😂😂
wanna one's daniel, seongwu and daehwi reaction to bts mic drop remix on mama omg they were so shook 😂 …
my bf surprised me with the distance bracelets from omg😍❤️
I know it's my birthday but erm Look at God❤😇 Then look at this man❤❤💕
I live for perfect views like this😍    💙🌴
ARI I LOVE U THANK U A LOT 💓
My messy corner 😟
hoseok that works in a “daycare” vs. hoseok the creator of the game 👀
Awesome tribute to Saquon Barkley's college career at Penn State🙌🏈
her touch was captivating ✨
RT: Let kids learn how to make a 3D Game with “Junior 3D Game Design” class! 🖥️
New York cold is a whole different level of cold😪😒
I Should Be Asleep But I'm Up &amp; Wuvie Kickin Like Crazy 😂😂😂
What about if i live in Spain?😔
Back love's 😁
Follow All That Like And Retweet This 🚂🔥🔥🔥🔥
Cardi Jive Fire 😍🔥😱
Jaebeomie replied to boys' video: 🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻 this one is the best thank you~   https:…
This Is The Dumbest Tweet I Think I’ve Seen🤦🏽‍♂️
Maybe a splash of tonic for good measure 😂 thanks darl, you too 💜💜 xx
I love it😍
&amp;  for more content! ღ ● 💋 ● ღ
RT &amp; FOLLOW for a chance to win a signed poster  🎭 …
Put your 3D glasses on for this one boys 🤤🍆💦
He said Turn Dave West To Dave East 😂🤣😅
1: Retweet this🔔✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🔔✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🔔✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
know you care for me and I think you don’t know how to express it.... ??? 😄😘😘😘 love you my little world 🌍 🤗🤗🤗 https…
❤️This dude!
rt in 5 secs or you’ll have bad concert luck in 2018, don’t risk it😈
My strength comes for the sun 😏
It's been a long week, time to snooze 😴
Reggae hit track MAKE YOU HAPPY by Cemma Jah produced by Menuzzy 🎧 Download📲Here👇And Enjoy! ! !…
let a lil sunshine in ya life 🌻🐝✨
I meant present tense*😪
Asked my sister how much she’d hoover my car for, she says €20 🙄
Canada vs Sweden for the gold medal. Let’s do this Canada 🇨🇦 🇸🇪
Going to pick some stuff up from 🤔
Turns out, Logan Paul's trip to Japan was problematic for many reasons 😡
🔹  🔹  by  Release January 22, 2018  …
U R Welcome!! I just subscribed to your YouTube Channel. 💜💜💜
Don’t say something if you ain’t about it 🌚
made me do it 😌
Don't drink &amp;drive Use my Uber promo code. 👉maxk3468ue👈 and get $30 off your first Uber ride.
Old Stoner Crewneck 🔥 Shop ✨ Free Shipping Worldwide 🗣
thanks 🤤
Fuck all that NIGGA DRAW FO 🗣
🗨️ "If I do well enough then I am sure I will get a chance, and the manager has proven that with other young players." -
Beat the  with cake! Follow &amp; RT to enter our  for a chance to  a Letterbox Gift Cake! ⭐️🍰 Comp…
Niggas and girls be actin like u cant be in a relationship and still get money or be focused.. tf u cant multitask?😭🤦🏽‍♂️
When the DC sniper was out I was in 2nd grade 😂these niggas dead ass told us to run to our parents car in a zigzag so w…
Fellow peeps, be sure to vote today and every day till 1/31! Set a reminder on your 📲 …
🏆Happy Birthday Hillary contest🏆 Send us a funny/positive tweet, AND a tweet from a strong female. Bonus points if you…
When goalkeepers see Morata bursting at them one on one  😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😫😭😫😭😫😭😫😭😫😂😫😂😫😂😫😭😫😭😫😭😫😂😫
Ahead this week: 5th - Maltese songs released (today!)🇲🇹 6th - Lithuania National FInal heat 1 (of six!) 🇱🇹 8th - Cze…
new years eve kiss!!! 😍
Waiting......😍😍😍
☄️😱 volley against has been nominated for December’s Goal of the Month award https://t.…
Maybe Fire and Fury will get me back into reading. Excited to check out this 💩 storm
Ain’t no 2nd chances all 2018 one strike your cut off ✌🏽
both 😍😍😍
Why do I feel like this is very common in the winter time 🤔 can anyone relate? If so raise your hand 🙋
I know you wit your man I saw on Instagram but just keep my name saved under bestfriend cause that been the plan .📞 https:/…
Bazooka boobs 🔥😛👌🏻 ‼️👉🏻 👈🏻‼️ 👉🏻128K👈🏻
Happy birthday brotha much love 🙏🏼
But it's too late, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me 🎶
For You is released 😃😃😃 thank you and for this amazing song    …
Noooo, non, I only thought you were... Beautiful. At first. ✨ I didn't think about dating you... *…
🔥“Like a form of drug-resistant political syphilis, Bannon will continue to command a degree of attention &amp; corrode the…
Oh please, don't act like you're not madly in love with me😬
Last time I checked... ...Communists didn't support wage slavery🤔
Wish u all a very happy new year ahead filled with love and laughter to you and your loved ones 🤗🙏
If you’re having a bad day here’s a pug eating a watermelon 😍🍉
Fuck all that NIGGA DRAW FO 🗣
Some much needed winter fashion inspiration from ☃️
i have a hole in my nose 🙂
RT: Creative theme for your birthday party   🆒 🎂
"The earth is going cook in 10 years" Al Gore??🤣🤣🤣
Happiest of Birthdays to the sister I never had, love you forever💗
Ahmmm..grabe sya!😍😍🔥🔥 ©mainedcm IG
[INFO] 170915   wins No.1 on KBS Music Bank!! Congratulations 🎉🎉👏   …
🙊woke up today and i see you calling non stop 😂😂😂
The world needs more Dabo Swinneys❗️
posted a video of herself and her friend Trish singing on her Instagram. 📸: lparrilla …
EXO IS UNIVERSE ☺💓💓
Your the reason I smile ♥️
Ok, but you didn't even take the Lucas 😒
One of the signs of Qiyama Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) mentioned in hadith 2 of Annawawi collection. SubhanAllah. 💔 https://t…
Wow what a club! Affordable season ticket prices I applaud you 👏 👏 👏  …
That poor scooter. So lonesome. 😂❤️
Me and my boss all I want I get in that way he can’t resist my mouth and my pussy 💦💦💦
yo this actually goes in 👀
Mood fa life 🤫👿
What’s your favorite part of O’Hare? Respond below 👇
I’M HAVING SUCH FUN!!!!😀😂🤣😎🙃
I’ll try and announce the first winners tonight and every night after that until we announce all 😇🙏🏻
the second season of ‘atlanta’ is premiering on march 1 😭 😭 😭 wonder if donald glover will tease new music in the trailer aga…
Y'all... the health depends on the battery percentage... 😩
Thanks💗
Fun size girls are life 😫😍
my new favorite video on the internet 😂
Can we ? 😋
BTW, why you so mean tonight? I still love ya, and I ain’t gonna roll over on too many clients tmrw. 😂
THANKS FOR EVERYONE WHO BECOME MY FRIENDs HERE -- i treasure you guys ILYSM 🌹 //
My cousin Kia is such a sweetheart! I love herrrrrrrrrrr. 😩❤️
Have you ever seen such love beetween a dog and human ❤️😭
Shendam people are nice 😊😀
was here 😝
I really want a Juvias place palette for my birthday 😭
.... On all y’all 😊
i’m here for a good time, not a long time 🤷🏽‍♂️
as long as i have you i have everything.💙
First RT ➡️ Argent PAYPAL ! 🍀👑
All the feels. Sunday's best 📸:
Hey we think this shirt will go really well with your mask 😉 And if other fans want this 🐶 shirt y…
Ctfu 😂😂😂😂 My Professor got a iphone 3........this finna be a long ass semester 🤦🏽‍♂️
Join me in praying for today 🙏 Every day he battles: -Liberal Democrats who put Illegals &amp; everyo…
[HQ PIC] 180113 4th Muster D-2       © MERRYWHITE_JM …
My mom tried it too. She was like “Chicago? Of all names?” 😒
Americans First vs ILLEGALS first? Easy choice Stay strong Mr. President Thank You🙏🇺🇸
I vote  for  at  ⭐️
Just fall back nd observe😒👌💯
DON'T SAY ANYTHING JUST RT 😂😂
Apparently the theme was LAND OWNERS 🤣🤣🔥🔥❤️ I love satafika
🔥 Huntsman Knife Slaughter 🔥 Follow + Retweet Tag a friend Visit 🏆24 Hours
And the Father of the year goes to.......😜😜😜😜
٩(๑&gt;∀&lt;๑)۶♥Fight♥"
Who will come with me Russia🏆🏆 😄😁
Free 🚀 Join $CET 8Mn AIRDROP 🚀 CET, a new blockchain-based content ecosystem, will be available on market with…
😘 Who,…
Have you ever seen such love beetween a dog and human ❤️😭
Everybody go follow my bro new Twitter ‼️
_    Do you Wanna Gain or Nah😍? 💌▶️ Retweet this Tweet❤️ 💌▶️ Follow who Retweets❤️ 💌▶️ Follow back Everyo…
😂 furniture is the first thing I got rid of.
⏬ watch ⏬
Keep rocking 😎😎
You hear that guys? I'm chill 💘
“Before spring comes” is getting MV too 😭 Tomorrow at 12PM KST
Inspirational person of the day: Anne Hegerty is well known as The Governess on The Chase t.v. show. 📺 Anne was…
☺♪ Funky Red   Syle Vintage Camera  - by
Jeon Jeongguk🔞 Member of EXPLICIT top styles: waacking &amp; bboying also known for: landing new tricks first try, creating sick…
may &amp; now 🤝
Situation🙏
Happy happy ✨
Great!! 😊 The 20 Best New Social Media Tools to Try in 2018 and How to Use Them via
THIS PICTURE WILL NOT BE LOST IN HISTORY. RETWEET IT. POST IT. PRINT IT. FRAME IT. SPREAD IT. ✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾 …
This hair tho 😍
🔁 8th Congressional  2/27, 4/24 Support DR. HIRAL TIPIRNENI  Emergency Rm Doctor Cance…
music site streaming is worrying me the most you guys better stream as much as you can 😣
I think I want to vom😅they’re so wrong
Macaws in flight ♥ Pretty or what? Comment one word please :)
LOOΠΔ   LOONA TV  💓
We were meant for eachother 😂
its so HOT in here 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Thank you 👔💞
💥 SEE FULL VIDEO 💥••► 💥••► 💥••► Please Retweet
Brace yourself lightning ⚡️is coming $BTC .
It’s ugly outside but it feels so good 😭😩😍
gorgeous 😍
I hated how I looked in pictures, none of my clothes fit and I felt SO gross. ☹️Then I discovered this and that all changed…
They definitely deserve it 🔥  have you voted?
Did you see my heart? 💗 Taehyung’s LOTTE DUTY FREE signature  got me dropped like MIC DROP~    🐯🔗 htt…
negro is missing😢 please if anyone sees him message me!!!
Blue boy 📷
TWITTER FAM! Giveaway🙌🏼 Follow me ✅ and retweet (this tweet) Open international! 🌍 Ends: 1-25-18
Feels so GOOD! 💖you, President Trump! Pj
I posted my selfie when everyone’s sleeping like always 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
When juicy j said “12 joys of jäger I don’t do chasers white boy wasted” I really felt that 😔💔
long as you keep it real we gone be iight 😌
This is the proper way to a gender reveal ⚾️😍💙
@ me next time 🤪
NOTICE 🌟 Please don't delete SMA app after the voting period. Keep all your apps till awarding day 👉 January 25 PAS…
ik cos i’m broke 💔
u are very handsome and sensible person .love u 😘
MAKE NO MISTAKE: ✅The Democrats choose illegal aliens over American workers (tell your friends) ✅The government shut…
guys!!! if i get 500k retweets this can happen for me!! please help out 💙💙 thank you all!!!  https://…
Bring on the OT because apparently hiring someone is too hard 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤣
Hearing my professor say that Friday’s are optional 😍
12 Super Simple Paleo Camping Recipes | Tin Pig™
and India 😅
Best of luck flash 👍🏻don't know what am going to tell Jaxon he will be gutted. Thanks for being a tru…
I know that !!!!😉👌
I CANNOT WAIT!!!! I love Chance so much! 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
180122 😂😂😂❤️❤️❤️ Tzuyu“Sana chan~You’re so mean!!”
If you argue that Tom Brady isn’t the 🐐 your bored or want attention. He’s the greatest to ever do it.
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🍿
🗣Black woman opening a dispensary in Maryland y’all.
❤RESCUE AND PLEDGES NEEDED ❤ This is Stash Stash came in on 1/19 with a wound to his arm that extends up the inside of h…
At 18, a whole fuckboy told me he was gonna marry me someday. 8yrs later, he did😂❤️
Hm hm 😂💛💛
Busy guy😀. It’s a Semi professional team. Similar to NPL back in Oz. Train evenings👍
🎹 Ladies and gentlemen, please take your seats. Introducing
Sold a wedding dress today for $800 and can’t help thinking that that’s rent 😩
Heracross♂ Counter/Megahorn (IV: 64% - CP: 1912 - L: 24) until 12:48:09am
Overjoyed and honoured to sign for the club I supported as a boy😄
have faith in God!🙌🙏
I get it now, you get to use me and I’m supposed to be okay with it.. right 😂
MY HEART ❤️😍😩
Lmao I’m so happy for you man. Haven’t seen you this bright since NO. 🤘🏾🚀.
There's a new South American in town 🇨🇱
Local Fun Active Swinging Couple Into Select Fit Couples and... ♦️ Meet▶️ ♦️ Photo Source: http…
jhene aiko be singing the nastiest lyrics in the most peaceful way possible 😭
my heart 😭
Minhyuk of  ! Hope you like it~ 💗
Ig Lingard: “Hello, is that 😳🔥 I Knew You Wanted To Come Milly Rock With The Mandem 🕺🏽👀
follow everyone who retweets this🖨
Old days 😟 looking forward for AHL reunion💕
"🔴 LIVE NOW on  check out _SarahoftheSea and hit that follow button it's FREE 🔗 🔄👍 …
BTS_twt so cute JK 🙂
Bahrain is planning to invest $13bn into infrastructure projects to increase tourism 🇧🇭👉
Don't Fuck My Name Up Trying To Get You A Name......💯
illustration! Hope you like my interpretation of her 😅😭👍🏻 Ive been not in my best phase lately, b…
Happy and funny weekend twitter frns😀👍🏻🎼🎶✨💕🌾🕊
What actually counts as sexual harassment these days? 🤔  investigation is an absolute tour de force... 😂
RT PLZ 😳 u know I’m not keeping these. And im not trying to make a killing. But what these going for? Can anyone provide…
🤪, has got to be the most underrated emoji there is lmao
18FEB .. Birthday The life of all the world 💓.
He likes to drive 🐶
Can you not come here with that negativity. I'm still down with getting high without any responsibilities 😒😂
Well what a  day 💚💫🍃🌺  to all our wonderful  we simply can’t wait to…
LIVE🔴 Playing Fortnite Squads with and aiming for high kill wins come support the stream https://t…
We ain’t letting these bitches get between us🤞🏽
27. Cavewomen dildos. Ladies have been going solo for thousands of years. 🙃 The 28,000-year-old phallus were found in German…
A big heart❤️❤️❤️
🎹 Ladies and gentlemen, please take your seats. Introducing
Can't wait naghooma 😍❤🎶
Fuck that i ain’t making nobody day 🤷🏽‍♀️😭😭😭😭 I do want somebody to make mines tho😩😂
and both just scored their first ever no. 1 on the hot 100 with “havana” 👏 😭 …
Looking forward to seeing 7️⃣4️⃣ in Orlando!
Follow everyone who likes this🌙
"We are still kids, but we're so in love. Fighting against all odds."  ❤
Let's go let's get it 😉 RT - Actress Fav - Actor Ur choice Wil release tonight 11PM 👍
Hand game strong 🤚🏼 thanks to 💅🏻 and jewels ✨
Mr and Mrs😘
Speechless🤣🤣
While  has reached 100 nodes on mainnet, there are now more than 1,000 nodes running on testnet3. Good testing! ⚡️👏 ht…
ARMY! WE'RE STILL ARE GOING UP! DON'T GIVE UP YET! If you have points, donate them to people in the comment section👇 m…
Thank God for blessing me this morning 🙏🏽❤️.
GO GO is trending worldwide with over 3 MILLION TWEETS📣 🔥 We are also decreasing the gap on SMA! Please use this as ins…
WISH YOU LUCK❤️☺️
6 Days to go .... 🎉🎉🎊🎊🎈🎊  🤗💖
Get the  collectible  pairs dedicated to the world’s most legendary  👉 {}
Black dick for bulky girl "part 2" 😈 😈
“Genre” 😳 sorry am I.
I’ve just managed to walk for 15 minutes 😊😊😊😊😊👍👍👍👍👍 🙄🙄
Throw back to our first game 😭😭😭😭💛 it ain’t the same without you there 😩
These deserves so many LIKES!! 👉Relationship Goals 😁💏👴👵💞👏🙏
Wish I could legit have a job where I can get paid and stay at home 🤷🏽‍♀️🙄
TIP 2️⃣: Encourage your kids to pack their lunchbox with a focus on nutritious  snacks!  🏫 …
Coach told me I gotta ball out this year...welp imma turn it up a notch 😈
Aww mi amor 😍😍😘 usted a ivan 😍😍😘
💥Stock market booming 💥Unemployment at record lows 💥Tax Cuts for Middle Class 💥ISIS being Destroyed 💥17 year high in s…
Have you ever had a friend that always told the truth? Except when yo nigga call looking for you 🤭 HAVE YOU EVER COMING SOON…
the best part 😂😂😂
WATCH: Zach And Julie Ertz Are Relationship Goals! ❤️
We wish you the best of luck with this Ed, this is a brilliant campaign 👍 -MR
dressed-undressed02: 💎💎👑🌹DRESSED🌹UNDRESSED🌹👑💎💎 More:
The token pre-sale ends on 1 February. Don't miss this interesting ICO, hurry up to participate, guys! 🚀…
📷 Well. Let’s stop talk about sad things and.. AAAAAAAAAA Today it’s finally come here, to me, my sweet...
Uhm.. shawn 😍
dear Maui, you’re beautiful 🌄
want all of them 😍🌺
6ft and over girls be like "Love it when Bae pretend runs away from me😍😍" bitchhhh he ain't pretending, he running for his…
it would be like if I offered you a dollar for giving me a high five and you slapped me in the face instead 😂
Puppy tattoo. 🐶
RT GamdomOfficial "And the winners are... NimpeyCs and Swagger1231231 Congratulations for winning 🎁 2x Minimal We…
is getting buckets again! 🏀 (Via robynmhayward/IG)
Beautiful, shit made my allergies act up😓😍
This is how it should be but you bitches love being the “biggest and baddest”. 😂
😱 could be the new bond! 😱
called a feed store as  and left the unsuspecting employee gasping for breath through fits of laughter 🤣…
Can we trend  ? Let's give some encouragement to the ARMYs that are feeling down right now💜
Stay there 😒
Still the best video ever😂😂😂😂, “stuart get aff that”
why do forehead kisses mean so much😩 they’re the cutest thing makes u feel all safe and loved
Suddenly, I love sports 🍑
GUYYYS go listen to my new album on  ✨
South Padre lit mayne 🎥🌴☀️🔥😂
🔥Question of the day🔥 Can you name ONE major American city run by Dems for 50+ years that is NOT a shithole?
Durant got Giannis 👀
Who’s excited for Julie Anne San Jose’s upcoming sold-out concert on January 27 at the Music Museum! 🔥😍  ht…
You stay saying some crazy 😂💀💀
Army vote for   at  ! 💜 [RT = 1 VOTE] ARMY RT if you thi…
Lets Goooo!! 🔥🔥
Patterson💀💀
RT: Willow Springs ES    for 3D Game Programming (1-6th Grade) @ STEM Summer Camp 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
😳😳😍I love TheChepo CHRISTMAS SALE! ENTIRE STORE IS $0.00 AND YOU JUST PAY SHIPPING!! *UNLIMITED ITEMS at checkout! http…
Wow best discovery, must have 😅
FULL TIME! 2018 starts with a bang 💥  1-3
When Yerry met Messi! 🤝 Our latest arrival says hello to his new team-mates... 🔵🔴
is it? Don't mind if eyes do 😍😚
she likes gucci slides...buy em two at a time 💪🏽
If you build it they will come (well that’s the plan anyway 🤞🏻)
I couldn’t agree more.👇
RIP FISH 😂
👀 👅 Follow everyone who comment "IFB"  🦋🐧🦑🐥
Lisa 💕 ©blackline_kr
This bedroom is absolutely stunning 🙌🏼
150 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 150 people.
Niggas really be trying to get over 🙄
🎶 There’s no question in my mind. I’ll take Jesus every time. 🎶
Have a armybomb on stage... ©️twt
seen this?!?  💪🏻
[ SMA Vote, 8:30PM] ⬇️ 🚨Main Prize:  [-3.58%] ↓ 🚨K-wave Popular:  [-0.76%] ↓ [ GAON Vote] 🚨Popular…
6️⃣ | equals Steven Gerrard's record for most Player of the Month awards.
Got that  😉
choosing woosung as a bias is the perfect choice I've ever made.💕💕💕💕💓
Thanks for calling a Spade ♠️ a Spade ♠️
I love so fucking much ( I mean I love Ethan 2 but 🤷‍♀️) like anyone can understand how important he is…
BTS 4th MUSTER  POSTER! ©️owner
my literal pop queen 😰😰
Free with  ☑ Witch School ☑ Kickass heroine 💘 ☑ Non-stop action ☑ The mighty Thor?…
🇮🇹 ♥ ✍ 🌹 ❤️ 😀  🌹
❄️ Diamond Case  ⛄️ JOIN CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY: ⛄️ Like + RT + Follow us ⛄️ Paste your p…
We cried with you,Laughed with you,Danced with you,Took stand with you❤Both of u were the m…
Yo  the track 🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯
Cheek to Cheek 😘😘😘
Those   💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💪💪👍👍👍🥊🥊🥊🥊🥊🥊
Thanxs dear Marga 💋💋
so cuuttteee💕😍
Consequences has me all kinds of emotional. Just listened to it 6 times in a row... It's cutting me deep. 😭
Hooray! New  🎧 Finally back with a new series of Stir The Pot, starting with the won…
“yeah so my dog was really excited to see me today 😂😂 (wait for it)” omg
dua did it again💞
I’m so happy that this shit has been actually working I had the chest of a 9 year old but now my boobies growing so 🤷🏽‍♀️ h…
ID : 🔹Real For Boking 🔹Bandung █▌█▌█▌▌ Verified by Dj_Promotion™
Prabhas fans Sankranthi wishes Ad in theatres 😍😍  Happy
🚨 1 RT = 1 Vote 🚨 Stephen Curry
🖕😑🖕I want my wool leggings Damn It.
california life😍
"Gummo" Remix 👌🚒🚒🚒🚑
We are going to give a lot of love to our guys!🙌💖💖
Jamie &amp; Eddie 🤦🏻‍♀️ ... maybe now they’ll have time to date
And he cashed out and only took home $281 million of it 🙁 taxed like a bitch still balling tho
yeah so my dog was really excited to see me today 😂😂 (wait for it)
Bruhhhhhh Cops stay killin niggaz..smh 12 killed dummy 🚨🚓🏀😂
bruh yixing's speech 👏👏👌
New content being uploaded tonight 💙 Check out all my clips! ✨ ✨ …
🚨 BUSTED! Feds Raid P.R.E.A Warehse &amp; Uncover "Huge Stockpile"!
JiChangWook😍😍😍 Which Character you like?
tweet to enjoy junmyeon's smile (🍑 ' ... ' 🍑)
😳😳 imposible😍😍😍🖤🖤
i love love love your designs 💖
my Hobinator cells are 🅰️CTIVATED ❕❗️❕❗️🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨 loving hoseok full mode no one can stop me
Gotta train like a Super Saiyan this Summer.. 🏋🏾🔥☀️💪🏾😈
Trump is soo disgusting !I hate him Soo much .Im starting to hate him with a fucking passion 😡😡😡
😂 pssst it's
THOMAS 🚂 IS 🚂 A 🚂 TANK 🚂ENGINE 🚂 NOT 🚂 A 🚂 TRAIN 🚂 TRAINS 🚂 ARE 🚂 THE 🚂 WHOLE 🚂 THING 🚂 HE 🚂 IS 🚂 JUST 🚂THE 🚂 TANK 🚂 ENGIN…
Who remembers the 7Bs? Books Before Boys Because Boys Bring Babies😂😂😂 My motto
Mumare i es gifs😂
Overjoyed, over loved, over you🎶
🔟 years ago today, netted his 1️⃣st and only hat-trick for
BNG Live local performance in  in February more details soon🎸🎸🤘!  bash pre  show!
iKON GROUP PHOTO WITH THEIR JAPAN DOME TOUR 2017 STAFF AND CREW 😭💞👏 This group right here is the 4th Biggest Kpop Touring A…
need me some new love 😇
Who will you vote for President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 🇳🇬 in 2019 if you have these options 👇. Kindly vote and R…
He knew de wae 😢
Kitten reflexes 🐱🧚🏻‍♂️💕
K peaches are calling Daniel the boy from this Anime, so cute ❤️
Have you?? Jus another SMASH HIT I dun a bit on 🎾🔊
I wanna laugh so bad 💀
Just a reminder that even a blast from the past can look just as good today! 😍 https…
See sumn told me to go round back !! 🤫👟
Current mood; sleep all day😪
Those 22 women ain't have to do it, but they did! And I'm forever thankful 🔺
hi! i miss you a lot! this is Nad, your chingu! 😆❣️
🌹Your words are my power
👀...... “Show them respect” 🤗
🌈 Gut Knife | Fade Giveaway * Winner in 24 hours!
How caking use to be VS How it is now 😂
Snakes don't hiss they take your parcel back to the delivery office instead of leaving it with a neighbour🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍
Happy birthday bro 👊🏼
He squared up with ONLY A LOOK. Cats are the devil bruh. 😭😭😭
It’s fun to be a top too! 🍑 Playing with McHale’s ass before I fuck and cream it 🥛 peaches and cream …
😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣 insane maga❄️ who are you to tell a journalist what they can speak on??
When you're on  in sunny burn some calories and work up a sweat on your  😅 . Chec…
THIS IS CRAZZZYYYY. Thank you ❤️ Vote using these hashtags:    🙌🏻 https://…
“Mr President, are you a racist?” — actual questions asked of Donny in the peoples’ house. 🇺🇸
Also, this team really does feed off Lonzo being on the floor... Just need them to play better defense 😩
Sissssssss please 😂 my founder’s day is in a few days and that purse is low key a nice pink 😂
Doing great &amp; super busy ☺️ hope you’re well and the new year brings you peace &amp; light, happiness &amp; health 🙏🏻💖🌟
yeah so my dog was really excited to see me today 😂😂 (wait for it)
1: Retweet this🍟✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🍟✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🍟✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
wassup wit it 👀
🚨 1 RT = 1 Vote 🚨 Klay Thompson
Follow all who FAV THIS 👹👺👹 Follow👉   TURN MY NOTIFICATION ON 👹👺👹👺👹👺👹👺👹👺👹
You're suggested three South American players there 😒
🎥 Zdeno Chara on playing Montreal three times in the next week: "Those are going to be very important games for us, very hea…
my co worker is the best 😭💕
I dead ass zoomed on Normani's pic to see a nipple peek 😩😩 what is wrong with me
Only reason I know that is because I watch his vlogs 😂😂🤦🏾‍♀️
I hit the wrong one. 🤦‍♂️ meant top left. Haha
It’s getting closer But baby release it when you’re ready idm waiting 💞 •    • https…
Bmt I use to laugh at this guy now i am turnin into him 🤦‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
New single and video dropped. Get after it. Deathwish 💀 🌻
Helping 👏🏽 adults 👏🏽 pay their bills 👏🏽 is 👏🏽 so 👏🏽 annoying! No one helps me pay my rent or explains to me that wh…
RT In the time of Saladin, before The Third Crusade, an unlikely heroine is born. 🏹 Now available fo…
No bad days 😉😁 Loading . . . 🤔
🐘🎉  - An out and out comedy heist movie | shines with his performance. Good family entert…
Congratulations, for winning the WEF's Crystal Award!😍😊🙌
◽◽◽◽ "May be I was in the dark for So long ...that your light made, Lose my sight ".
Trump deserves credit for Korea talks, says President Moon↘️ BBC News
Mandatory jail sentence attached to carrying something like that 🤬🤬  5-10 years
Top 9 High-Paying Jobs That Don’t Require A College Degree 💸💸💸
done 💗
First Week of school complete ✅   💛
Wait for it 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Rt and let someone smile this morning 😂
This rooster runs to the school bus to meet his big sister every single day 💛
I hated how I looked in pictures, none of my clothes fit and I felt SO gross. ☹️Then I discovered this and that all changed…
I’d pick her too! Your lesbian look is played. 😬😆🤣
A historic achievement by on launching its 100th satellite  from sriharikota! Congratulations!!🛰
Dread Mar I💙😍
taehyung really goes from “hi sir, nice to meet you” to “your daughter call me daddy” in this part like he needs to chill 😩
First Love finna Pull Up 😌
TIME TO TREND THIS NOW👇 We will NOT let that hateful fandom ruin BTS' day like they have done in the past! Please know…
When did Friday nights indoors become a thing ? Cuz it’s 🔥
Raise your hand if this is your dream life 🙋‍♂️
im selling netflix account for 1 month, for 30 pesos only! legit. mop: smart, globe load or paypal. hmu beshies 🤘
GUYZZZZZzzzzz  is finally OUT!! THIS ALBUM IS 🔥🔥🔥😆🎉👏🏽❤️ …
here's a little thing for you from Iranian fans, hope you like it. Happy birthday ❤🎉
So sad, i've been waiting all day for tickets and Amsterdam was sold out in literally seconds omg😭
Prolly gotta the biggest heart ever but it’s gonna stop real soon 💯
DO YALL REMEMBER THIS😭😭😭😭
But they won’t so 🤷‍♂️
Me &amp; Will are doing our first meet &amp; greet @ Playlist Live Orlando ✨💖
never looking back unless it's at my ass in the mirror🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑
The original “Is water wet” 😂😂
Leaving early on a Friday? Yes please! 😊
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this💋
Same. She didn’t deserve this 🙁reminds me of edge’s retirement
my "eh I'll get paid again" attitude, is out of control 🤦🏽‍♂️
Wtf how do you say epazote in english like i looked it up and it still epazote , but no one at vons knows what im talking about 😑😑
You're after skyler, cat, storm 🤧✌️lmao sorry I went in order
💀 she probably from daegu
Welcome 2018👌🏼
These 4 months of school needa gon ahead and hurry up⏱
My clients are cashing out 🤑🤑🤑 Come get some too 🤗😏 Hit me up now if you tryna make $4,000 or more this week 📬📩 …
ATTN  Y'all are nominated for  at the 2018  RT to vote! 🏆  https:…
Black men dont cheat! Period. Have a blessed day 🤘🏾
Feels like forever since I last got paid 😭
▶ Donald Trump's Attorney Michael Cohen Sues Buzzfeed Over Russian 'Dossier' - One of Donald Trump's attorney'…
"Just remember ALL CAPS when you spell the man's name..." Happy G-Day, Viktor, peace and power be with you ✊🏽✊🏽
My twitter will have you CONFUSED😂
damn😩😍
The stakes are high, The waters rough, but this love is ours 🤜🏻❤️🤛🏻
You used coconut oil on ur lashes?! Tell me ur secret oml 😍😍😍
This was a bit emotional one..😢 he was leaving FITE ..
The day all fans are waiting for 😅😂
If Your Feet Uglier Than Mine We Can't Be Together. 🤷🏾‍♂️
dressed-undressed02: 💎💎👑🌹DRESSED🌹UNDRESSED🌹👑💎💎! More:
Your next family holiday: More fun, less stress 👉
Shy Glizzy should buy a 4 story apartment complex in DC and call them “Young Jefe Homes” 😂😭😂😂😭😭😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 HAHAHAHAHAHHAHA…
I added a video to a playlist No Copyright Music | Really Really Doe /Hip Hop &amp; Rap 🎧
🚀🚀🚀We've Taken Off! Into the 4th day of the ICO and 100 Mn LaLa tokens distributed already. Thanks for all the support.
WOJ POD! Listen to our All-Star chat it up with 🎙:
Join our international community and help yourself (whilst helping others!!) 😘
A forgotten hero. 💙 I gave him glasses for his lil' adventure!
rts to gain taehyung stan ❤
Gain Free Followers guaranteed! 🌟 🌟
poor chanyeol, d.o. went to kai instead. it's okay yeol 😂
North is the hide &amp; seek champ! 😂
I’m a overthinker so if you don’t give me an answer I’ll come up with one 😭
That was An Experience ™. Like being transported to some alternate universe where he reigns.
👌 Kyle Kuzma  Retweets = Votes 🗳
“I tried to relieve some stress from my parents💀 why my momma always trying to be cute🙄😂💕” cutest thing ever …
Then came 2018✨
This is too real, I felt it. Rt until we find her 🙏🏽
&amp; i think tonight won’t be the night yall hear that story 😂.... f it
Follow everyone who favs this 🤪🤓
VAMOS SOUSA 🇵🇹🇵🇹🇵🇹 Good Luck in the 2nd Round 🎾
So much respect for you Conor❤️
I'm crying 😭
Maccasio - Dagomba Girl Ft Mugeez (R2Bees) 🔥🔥
I pulled up to H&amp;M to see wassup wit them sweatshirts 😇🤔
RETWEET to piss off Panthers fans! 😈😂😂😂😂
😇Follow me &amp; everyone who retweet it
Slaaay mother monstah! 💁🏼‍♀️
We have our winners for the Season 2 of the  🏆 🥇: 🥈: 🥉: Team oO More details : https://…
🐱🐱 I'm a princess 🐱🐱
Sydney, Australia 🇦🇺
if I see y’all using the hashtag I might just follow u👀😏👀
All positive vibes 2018🙏🏻💯
Today walking back home a lighting bolt struck literally two steps in front of me 😩😂😂
When he forgot to say UNO but Hobi reminded him so he just got so excited and the way that he threw the card 😂  https://…
🤣🤣 me too!
back at it January 19th featuring 🤘FREE + BYOB/W🤘
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show real814b****:
He is the BEST , Of All !❤❤ This one for the haters! Missing this cutie so much!😭
Jeon Jungkook, Day 9 ~ 💌 • Hi sweetheart, I love you sooooo much. I’m so happy that you decided to show your face o…
LEFTOVERS 😂
You’re just salty he’s making money moves and your not lol 😂
she kissed me back😭😭😍
[TRANS] My life is a beauty✨
YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD BE REAL EXCITING?? Meeting u at that Khalid concert omg😭😭
Going for the trick – you're not beating 🎩🎩🎩
Someone take me on an IHOP date tomorrow morning🙂
Ben J from New Boyz partially blaming Tinashe for the duo’s breakup. “I really hate that bitch!” caught me offguard 😩 https:/…
Well I fucked it up😔👌🏻
IF SHE BREATHES SHES A THOOOOOT 😂😂😂😂
wooow back on track and doing well so far!  special stage 4, passed wp3. 👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻
Anytime you start to wine....somebody go jam on youuuuu 🎶🎶
You ever get so bored you just go to sleep and actually be sleep for hours and hours? 🤣
Artwork by me   support 🙏🏼🙏🏼
I’m goin’ back 🚀 Big love and thanks to all who came to see &amp; hear our band  this week In Wolverham…
💌 wrong number au
Giveaways and altcoin pump group! 👉👉 👈👈 Feel free to invite everyone!
Jan 11th: V Girls vs Salina South @ 3:15pm Jan 13th: V Boys vs Andover Central @ 1:30pm 🏀🏀🏀🏀
🎧 I've Found A New Baby by Herb Ellis &amp; Joe Pass on
YOU GUYS ARE SO CUTE I CANT TAKE IT!!! 😍😭😍😭
did not forget the  last night. He was singing with so much ❤️ and soul that he fell behind the…
How guys feel after they masturbate😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Mannnnnn I’m tired 😭
Reply to this tweet with "ifb" and follow everyone who likes your tweet🐶
This is the best video I have seen in a while 😂
🔞 Hi, rate my site in bio, thanks! 😚😚😚
Perfect starts with &amp; 😍☕💗 ||
Oh. My. God. 😍 (via
🎈😽🎈😻🎈😸🎈😽🎈😻🎈  in  ... 🐾🐾🐾🐾 Via cat_cute_cats on  ...
Gilsss event mifans makin banyak ae😂😂😂😂😂
This guy swam through thick mud to save a trapped impala 👏👏👏
K-POP LIGHTSTICK GIVEAWAY 👉🏻LATIN AMERICA ONLY👈🏻 -RT to enter // da RT para participar -mbf // debes seguirme (para fut…
nooo! &amp; pause cause jas i just realized you spelled my name wrong😐!! its Liyyah**
Obsessed with everything on 😭😍
Donate if you can 🙏🏽 Big love to you Rylee !
and to be geeked over them 🤓
OUT NOW SHOT BY 💯🔥🔥🔥
thank you! (literally fangirling and freaking out right now...)🙌❤️
HEARTBREAKING 😞 An abortionist in Washington DC admits when there is a botched abortion and the baby is still alive, t…
🤣 they say it’s easy to get pregnant again after you have your baby they need to get on birth control 😭
Swear I thought they was gonna jump his ass 😂
i fucked round fixed a shorty that was broken &amp; she turned around and broke me 💔🤕💔
happy birthday Boo have a good day ❤️
Its the other way around 😂😂
If you have people in your life who don’t want to see you do better than them, text them today and say byeeeee 👋🏻
I forgot where I was this morning and popped my gum 5x in a meeting with my boss’s boss 🤦🏻‍♀️ now he probably wants…
Retweet this tweet to win 100,000 RPX！ Trade RPX to win PORSCHE 911 and other more rewards worth $500,000 👉…
Coffee in my system☕️
Queen who knows how to shade back 🔥🔥
Itched the inside of my nose after chopping up a chili and I pretty much hate life right now 😩
Lmfao durk smart😂 he got the mf flag instead of the name
Calling all of  👏 You have been nominated for  at our  RT to vote 💋 https://…
Be kind to every kind 🌹
Peaches are crazy they doubled the ❤️ in hours !!
some shit ain’t even worth addressing💅🏾
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🍫
Just found my twin here on twitter.. Same date of birth same month n year too..😍😘❤ Nice to meet u love 😄😍😘
theshaderoom's photo  😂🤣😂🤣😩
5 Most-Highly Rated Professions for  &amp;  in 2017 were: ✔ Nurses 82% ✔ Military officers 71% ✔ Grade sc…
sis you bold, but your not bold enough to say it to my face💯, none of you are !
Gain 500+ active followers fast!! 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
thanks bb🧡glad to know you &amp; so excited for all the things we’ve yet to do together. love ya bruddah
F i v e y e a r s a g o 😂
I collapsed when I heard the accent.... A whole Olga is telling the woman in the car to leave Canada 😭😭😭😭 …
She is adorable 😍😍
Most Girls Problem Is That They Think That Adam Used To Give Eve Money😂
Days spent with you are guaranteed beautiful days ❤
Say Hi to sehun from me 😂 Joking. Enjoy ! Say my regards to all of them hahahahah
Another sleepless night. 💤
Got a new place in Pretoria, I need Pretoria babes 👀👀👀
Awwwwww sending you a copy sooooonn😬🙏 But I still wanna know the secret to that “God” body!!🙀😅 …
If people are always calling you out, maybe assess yourself 🤷🏻‍♀️ Only means there is something wrong with how you see th…
PDP put on ballot paper. APC put on ballot paper. But  😊😊 Question 1 - list your ach…
Really 🤔
❄️ Bad Santa Case  ⛄️ JOIN CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY: ⛄️ Like + RT + Follow us ⛄️ Paste your…
Bih you been doing community service fa bout 5 yrs str8 😂😂
I was on FaceTime with a boy and I said god if he’s not the one send me a sign. My phone died on 83% 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 …
Blood is always more slippery than water. 💉💧
Alright so can someone find me a ab workout that doesn’t hurt....   😂💪🏼
Film time:   fans Full attendance! 🤘
❌ Monday ❌ Tuesday ⚪️ Wednesday ⚪️ Thursday ⚪️ Friday ⚪️ Saturday ⚪️ GAME DAY
God Bless them all! 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
"y’all. my momma was trynna send my sister an animoji and this is what happened. i died 😂😂😂😂😂😂"
Wow. Niggas know how to finesse they way outta everything. This nigga got the flag 😂😂😂😂😂
DiFi out here releasing the transcripts on Wi-Fi on the DownLowKey 😆
Wanna buy that new iPhone or Samsung for Christmas? 🤔 Need some money ASAP? 🤔 Then hit my DMs and find out how you can make…
The next event, 🌟 FUN! FUN! CiRCLING FIVE STAR! 🌟 will feature Happy 3⭐️ Saaya and 2⭐️ Arisa!   …
Beauties, send in thirstraps and anons 📩😈✈️
ARMY! 🔥I challenge you to get this tweet to 1,000 RTs!🔥
THATS the Tayana I used to dance with 😂😂😍
Thank you ♥️
WELCOME my friend 👏👏 how nice is to share team with you again 😃😃 Lots of success in this new stage, we wil…
And my sight , sis I’m blind with that highlight 😍😭👸🏻
Vote by tweeting the hashtags    Good night i love you fighting!💪🏻😊
Upgrade Point really putting in work! 😲
These used to be the shit back in elementary school 😂👏
🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷 ⚠️ LIKE &amp; RT ⚠️ Follow all that likes &amp; retweet this ⚠️ Gain active followers now ⚠️ Follow…
Ugh baby man😍❤️❤️
Guys in yellow. Thank you 💛
So putting peels in drinks are a thing nowadays ??😕
Did you see your bank here?🤔Yes!🤷‍♀️ Then what are you waiting on🤷‍♀️, DM me now to find out how you can join the mone…
Wow. Niggas know how to finesse they way outta everything. This nigga got the flag 😂😂😂😂😂
I didn’t do the dog “people style” 😹
I think I’m the only one made for me 😅
Just like the porn star reported... this link is a failure to perform😂😂😂😂
Oh my gosh ilysm, thank you 😍
Gucci FEATURES 💸 (404) 697-3196
Imagine dating me and boom we last forever 🙄🔒
Please do ❤️
Big SHOUTOUT to God ‼️ Because I am NOTHING without him ❤️😭✨
My life is such a joke right now 😂😂
Excellent! Thank you to and team 💕
Milk🍼💦 "
Today’s schedule is closed! ⏰ 5 PM ET — HARMONIZERS BRAWL 2.0 (reply attack) ⏰ 6 PM ET — VOTE ATTACK (w/
Trending :BEST OF ME - WW no.10 WELL SOME LETS NOW MAKE IT INTO TOP 5 Vote in every 7 seconds 🌟
You know what I hate? When you smile at someone you know and they just ignore you... 🙄
NY!!!!! i’m gonna do one last signing 🤫 get there early tomorrow to get the album and your wristbands !!! …
A little treat for all you Robert Kubica fans ✨ a classy qualifying lap at the 2010
Srsly not in the mood for study 😭😭😭😭
That growth though 🙊🤗! Congratulations
Good Tuesday to you!😀Thanks for the shoutout!👍
Done  🙌 9/10
MIAMI C EST FINI - back TO LOS ANGELES - no make up I am a very simple girl vive les🍔 getting fat and i love ❤️ https:/…
I woke up and literally went to my playlist to play 4ariana 😭😂🤦🏽‍♂️ somebody help me
🤙 Camp Nou’s ever-smiling magician. Thanks for everything!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 STUPID 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🏼
FELONY FRIENDLY Companies.. RT This you could rlly help someone in need &amp; save ya ignorant ass comments pls &amp; Thank you ❤️…
OMG!..thank you baby chimchim ... 😍😍😍 One day,I'll be part of this ocean 💜💜💜💜
' – Winter Special Album, 2017' 🎧iTunes &amp; Apple Music: 🎧Spotify: (Music service tim…
SHAWN MENDES.💘
The next gen. 🌱
i DO NOT post niggas.. i get played in peace🤷🏽‍♀️😩🙄
I DONT cry over niggas . I cry at the way I get treated cause I don't deserve that &amp; that shit fucking hurts 🗣❗️
I'm so PROUD OF YOU 😭💖 We love you so much 💓 never stop dreaming 🙌😘
Your Welcome Scott!😊
I hated how I looked in pictures, none of my clothes fit and I felt SO gross. ☹️Then I discovered this and that all change…
Time for me to make these playlists since people wanna drop 🔥 mixes 🙄
Ummmm ... I definitely feel like I heard you chime in 🎤 🎶🤣
the humble man🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
African women😍😍😍
I Help, You Win! ⛳
"Personality is to man what perfume is to a flower." - Charles Shwab. Unruly.🤘 🍁
Reserve your heart to the one who really deserves it! 👍
A little gravity is nothing Earth-chan can't handle 🌎💪
Not a chance 😋 At the current exchange rate $70 is £51, plus VAT (which is what people always forget) a…
Will Smith is everything 😭
🚀Join $IOST 6Mn AIRDROP🚀. IOST, an innovative scalable ecosystem for decentralized services, is now available on Hu…
male poets™ be like: she is broken. beautifully broken. broken so beautifully. I am drunk on her tears. her scars are…
Really Snapped On “Raise Ya Hand” 😩🙌🏽💁🏽‍♀️
Looks like I got dressed in the dark this morning👌🏼
[INFO] has surpassed 12M followers on twitter. Congrats 💜💜💜💜
Legend. 🔴🔵🇧🇷
🇧🇷 Ronaldinho: "I've been lucky to win it all, I am fulfilled - the memories are unforgettable." 🏆  …
👍👍. You’re well old alan. 😂
today’s concert is the bomb! i will try my best to update during the concert again tomorrow 😍🗣
TBE no drama no controversy. Remember sending his joga bonito videos via bluetooth in sec sch 😂
"Scariest dog I’ve ever seen" OH MY GOD 💀😂
HEWWO MY LOVE 💕🎀🌸
🆘‼👮‍♂️🔥 USA: In California, a couple was arrested on Monday for deprivation of liberty &amp; torture. The couple had their 1…
Young or old Tsunade? Retweet 🔁 for: Young Tsunade Like ❤️ for: Old Tsunade
“I hate snakeu” 🐍
This is fucking adorable 😂 Be my biggest hype man or bye!!!!
HAPPY EVER AFTER 💓
♥︎ . . . ¹⁰ daysˀ
Only in Oakland,Ca! 😂🎯
Cause your heart not big as you think meanass 😂😂
🐰; It is that time again for me to disappear — *poof* I'm gone peeps.
180113❤️ REN is the universe.
Ooop okay you caught us, we’re racist to blacks lol 😂😂😂😂
Where the safe ? 👀 show me Homie
😳😳😍I love TheChepo CHRISTMAS SALE! ENTIRE STORE IS $0.00 AND YOU JUST PAY SHIPPING!! *UNLIMITED ITEMS at checkout! http…
Omg that picture ✌🏼❤️
Thank you Mimi❤️😘
so I'm 💭
All of her albums have more than 1M sales, try again, you’re over 💀
I remember these days like it was yesterday 😭  👼🏽💙
It’s 8 degrees and Dallas doesn’t know how to act 😂 I love my city man.
Cus we trying to go smack that's why 😂 — slide in my DMs and find out
This the last thing I’m gone post from Facebook cus dat shit too mf funny 😭😭😭
literally how my goofy ass would react 😭 awww
UM FUCKING STORYTIME: I went to camila’s cd signing today and I walk in the room and she’s wearing this sweater 😩 so my dum…
Le Freak ~ Chic, Listen now 🎵
Chris Brown dancing to No Flocking 🔥
want jabee 🤤☹️
See united fans screaming Alexis 😂
🤢 Need more followers? 🤢 Like &amp; Retweet this 🤢 Comment "Ifb" 🤢 Follow all who like &amp; retweet this. 🤢 Follow back all who fo…
Sha you cannot be saying 100k is small money if you once posted your breast on here for 5k 🚶🏾‍♀️
😵 🇷🇺 Mystery payments around election day included a $150,000 check for Russian ambassador 🇷🇺
This Refilwe story line is lame now 🙄
And it be raw too💀
🤔 Microwave? — watching Gotham
If I tell you I'm single don't Ask me "Really" Because I can't Lie twice 😒
LeBron 🐐
The change is here ✌
I stand 💯 with President Trump as he stands for truth and is doing what is best for our country! Let’s work together to furt…
Like and comment “KathNiel” 💙
More Followers? 🥑 Like Retweet Follow
Hey everyone😊
my question is how has Juan not been fired 😂😂😳😳😳😳😳
😂😂 stayed strong. Water only
It’s great 😝
Im so upset 😞 i could just cry
👑 StatTrak SSG 08 Blood in the Water Factory New ($170) GIVEAWAY! ⭕️ Retweet and Follow! ⭕️ Tag a Friend! ⏰ Winner wil…
The second half of Star Trek Discovery is off to a very good start so far! ✨🚀
Jason he been on the injury report for like 15 yrs? 😂 I don’t believe this for a minute. And I doubt the…
Half a freaking million!!! Thank you for 500k ❤ If I'm dreaming please never wake me up ❤
📣CALLING ALL ARMYs TO PUT MORE ATTENTION TO THIS "FANARMY" CATEGORY📣 Our hourly rate is slowing down compared to others. Ple…
Everybody really calls me mean and rude now I’m starting to agree with them 😂😂😂😂😂🌚
Promise Bracelets are the cutest thing ever! ❤️🌕🔘
Selected p-value workarounds. Cats &amp; dogs w academic qualifications. 🤣
Yeah pretty much 😂😂😂
Gaining Time 🐯 •Retweet •Like •Follow everyone who retweets and likes this •Follow back •Don't follow to unfollow.
May be it's your last Retweet🔃... 💝💝
Nicki said some rs🗣🗣
😂😂😂😂👍🏻🙏.. think I will stick to my own !!
happy birthday beautiful!! Have an amazing day! 💓💓
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this✅🎄
As much I love this New Position, I’m so excited to be off work Friday!  😁
Daily 30-100% profit trading signals Telegram no.1 channel 80000 active members Join this now 👉
Good morning❄️🌟❄️🌟❄️🌟✨
I fell in love with you because of a million things you never knew you were doing. happy anniversary 💍
🔱 Very Hot 🔱 🔱➤
Send me Love 🤷🏿‍♀️
Memori sharing their oxygen with Raven 😭
I love my team  👅 when we win, we riott 😘
lol today was a good day 😊
snapchat is actually not that deep at all 🚯 i remember when i used to be on it all the time then i started mindin…
Von me ? I’m not even mad you know i be chilling 😂 &amp; they good they laying right here ft him!
👍👍👍👍👍 Praying you get to take up that seat! Trump supporters will gladly take a sit at the table…
Yoon came out with the most erotic way while Jinu......... as cute as ever 😘
oh my god i like how the water shot up stories high when the lyrics go “We got the Power!” 💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼 🔗 …
and what the fuck are we like 😑
Good morning! Who's gaming today?! 🎮 🔥
cup of coffee🤓
hello hello! i’m a fan 🙋🏻‍♀️ it’s so nice to meet you, hyomin. how are ya?
Reply to this tweet with "ifb" and follow everyone who likes your tweet🌈
I got appointed as a team lead last week, got my team yesterday, and today I have an interview for another promotion. ❤️🤘🏻
quote with an emoji if you want one and I’ll dm it to you ☺️
I'm so proud of you, your album looks great and you deserve it all ❤ in the dark is A…
National Suicide Prevention Hotline: 1-800-273-8255 Retweet to save at least one life. Maybe a thousand. 🙏🏾
it's 20 fucking 18, we too old to be "talking" either you my nigga or my friend. Period 😂 get right or get left dumbass!!
Live life the fullest and focus on the positive 💍
If con is the opposite of pro, then isn’t Congress the opposite of progress? 🤔
Feds planning massive California strike against 'sanctuary'... I live here and couldn't be more happier! 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏  h…
My desire for sex is unhealthy 😭😭😭😭
For every cry baby obstructionist aka Democrat🦆 that wants to…
Addendum: Here are some comparisons for visual reference! 😊 Tbh I don't get why people call th…
Just Joking😝 Give it back to u~😘      …
Oh freak this hug😭😍🔥🔥🔥 Saari bhadas ek hug mai nikal di😂❤️ Damn it will be such an emotional scene to watch AvNeil…
What a great picture🤘
Cheating in China would be fun 😂 Babe i thought she was you, i swear
A cup of  🥤🍹
THAT NEW NEW SHIT 😍😛
Seungyoon &amp; PSY's convo on PSY's ig. SY: God of performance 👍👍👍👍👏👏👏👏 PSY: Your effort has been a lot, Seungyoon ah 🙏 https:…
PROMO EXTENDED! Get a chance to win an  by: 🎄 Download &amp; Register for an account on Tribe …
Hole was swollen like a bitch!!! Fucking for 3 hours straight 😩
Best day ever until we found out we had to make up the days at the end of the year 😂💯
Coming soon 🤗
Nope... I remember that as well. I think it was 2 lifetimes ago.... 😂
Ngl I’m a sucker for a documentary 🙌🏽🤓
Cameraman was childish af for not cutting this 7 seconds earlier😂😭
My nigga almost died from this Houston weather ❄️❄️❄️👀
That’s scream before SJP even left 🤣🤣🤣
Good morning Twitterworld ✨💛✨
🆕 2018/01 KPop Boygroup Brand Ranking: 1 BTS 2 Wanna One 3 EXO 4 SHINee 5 SEVENTEEN 6 GOT7 7 WINNER 8 BTOB 9 Highlight 10 Se…
That's so awesome!!! 😍
Your Name ✨
Cameraman was childish af for not cutting this 7 seconds earlier😂😭
Trough to the next round after a tough game! Great penalty save 💪🏼💪🏼 !
© A____Jin
You're sweet😘😘
It's amazing to see these sketches turn into real clothes! Thank you guys for making dreams come true! 🐻💛🌼 …
Pitch Perfect 🖤
Congrats to - one of four Golf Journalists Association of Canada’s 2017 Players of the Year. 2017 Recap: 🇨🇦 2…
👑      @ Salt &amp; Straw
I feel you ❤️
ahahaha i was fixing my bracelet 😂
I DONT cry over niggas . I cry at the way I get treated cause I don't deserve that &amp; that shit fucking hurts 🗣❗️
So que bed aaaaaa😢😢😧💔💔💔
“An animals eyes have the power to speak a great language” 🐺🐯🦅 🎨
everything falling in place 🇺🇸💪🏾😅
Their channels probably wouldn't even allow it to go through. 😤😂
Dreamletics 💪🏽🔥🏆 High Quality Gym Apparel 🏋🏻 ‼️
My back hurts 😩
🌎 Worldwide iTunes Album Chart:  CAMILA (NEW) *not released worldwide yet* [ 1 day on chart ] …
[ 12.01.18 - New a caminho do Music Bank 🐬🎊 | cr. ShootingSTAR_TB      …
Ahhh everyone did sooo good in stretch today!! 😍😍😍
This guy pulled the biggest L in life 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 he kills me when he realises he'll be going to jail 😂🙌
when you rap the whole verse with no mistakes 🙉🔥🔥🔥
Tues - Sunday, weekly in the West End 🧟‍♀️  Nottingham
180111 — © one more step
Today &amp; everyday i see people back to work, enjoying and loving America 🇺🇸.
Tbh I was surprised by how nice you are 😂😂💁🏽‍♀️
I’m not crying. Your crying 😭😭
Someone’s feeling extra confident today 😋
No problem!😊
🔥 Jayson Tatum is lighting it up! 🔥
Goodmorning world god bless🤙🏾🙏🏾
How effortlessly u pull off a NaanKadavul to Madarasapatinam to RajaRani to this now I wonder 👏🏻wishing sup…
[ Ep.553｜ -  ♪ World No.1 KPOP Chart Show M COUNTDOWN  ▶ https:/…
california life😍
I stay in they mouth .. like i got job at dentist  🤫
★AK-47 | FRONTSIDE MISTY GIVEAWAY★ TO ENTER : ✅ FOLLOW ✅ RT ✅ TAG 2 FRIENDS ✅ USE CODE "CSGONADE" @ https://t.…
you're the sun in my morning🌞🌼
bruh 💀
YIKES 🤤
Someone take my phone 😩😩😩😂😂
Instagram post by Mercury Retrograde Apparel™ • Jan 7, 2018 at 6:32pm UTC
This is why black people cant be on tv🤦🏽‍♀️ I'm screaming 😂😂
TRUST GOD 🙏
Me and Alexandria’s relationship consists of me sending her cat videos and her sending me pig videos 😂💓
glow baby.✨
What a coincidence it was!😂 They brought Vikas Gupta BFF (❤) Sabyasachi,Priyank in the show too. How on earth that happe…
🔱 Very Hot 🔱 🔱➤
Big words from such a Big inspiring personality😇😇 It was a learning for me actually , How to be sincere and dedicated:)…
Get you a bestie who will remind you to eat healthy foods only 😊💘
Congratulations GOT7 on winning a Disc Bonsang !! 👏
Mount Fuji Photoshoot 🗻 @ Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building
I love this so much. Imagine when it rains 😩
Legit looking like cum is flying off her 😂
Bumping this because I really like how this came out ✨
[NEWS PICS] 180111 Golden Disc Awards  (15) 📎
They are performing runaway 😭 excited
Why jobs that pay you less be tryna work you the hardest☹️ talking about “lets pick up the pace” bitch lets pick up the pay…
Thank you n i love you sister 2018 is YOURS ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Finally going to see star wars. And it seems that I managed to be spoiler free 👍🏿🖖🏽😁
🤘🏽🤘🏽🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾 thanks zquad I love you all x
whatever happens today ily 😘😘
📽📽📽VIDEO📽📽📽 - Tshela Taken from his Album   🇿🇦
What will you do in this situation? My fav. Part : "I'm going to jail Bro " 🤣🤣😂😅
GDA ⭐️Album of the year - Her: Love yourself ⭐️Disk bonsang ⭐️Digital Bonsang MMA ⭐️Song of the year - Spri…
RT:  for STEM Summer Camp 🖥️ 🎮 💎 🆒 🌞 🕰️
U know I had to dunk into the conclusion 🤾🏿‍♂️
12 days left of this vacation and im already getting sad 😐
Thank you😌
EXO’s D.O., Actor Do Kyungsoo, Happy birthday 🎉 you’ve worked so hard fulfilling your job as an idol and as an actor~ w…
She so cute 😍😍
I’ll be playing in June. POW 💥
📢◀   ☆F❍LL❍W☆ ▓▉▉▉▉▉ ☘🇫 ▓▉▉▉▉ ☘🇴 ▓▉▉▉ ☘🇱 ▓▉▉ ☘🇱 ▓▉ ☘🇴 ▓ ☘🇼 👉 …
👍🏻✅1: Retweet this 👍🏻✅2: Like this 👍🏻✅3: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet 👍🏻✅4: Follow back all that follow you 👍🏻✅5: Follow m…
REST IN PEACE... ALI AND CLARE... YOUR DEEPLY LOVED FOREVER. 😭❤
Prayers to him and his family. I wish this upon nobody 😔🙏🏽
PDXclusive📸
Video shoot/Photoshoot next weekend ! 😈
Be about me. But also be about your money , family , &amp; dreams I don't wanna be your whole world ... just ya favorite part🤷…
1 st day 1st show  sodakku song energy level🔥🔥KL- Thiruvandram 😍😍
happy birthday to do kyungsoo!!! we hope your day is amazing and filled with love! ❤️ thank you for always being by minseo…
Not Really! Your Comments Are EXAGGERATED???! 🤭🤭
I FELT THIS IN MY BONES!!! 🔥🔥🔥
Asking the real questions 🐸🤔
LMFAOOO hit man secured 💀
Maneee that some shit 🤣
Pls i jst heard harrysong  and am Wondering if it is a song or a freestyle. 🤷🏻‍♂🤷🏻‍♂
RT: Birthday Party     🆒 🎂
WATCH Aitor Karanka's first press conference as  boss right here 👇
Working on myself,...for myself, ..by myself ‼️🤞🏾
Just I wrote (mood!) 🤨
🔒 Prevent failing to pick up a conference on eugenics is not a "failure" of Prevent's strategy but integral to its racialise…
Look into my eyes You will see What you mean to me 😍😍😍😍
Come support your Boy’s Soccer Teams today as they take on their rivals, Santa Fe! ⚽️💙 Location: Smith Park JV - 3:15 pm…
Dawg my little brother asked for my girlfriend number and this is the kinda shit he sends her. Watch the end😂 like why…
started doing crunches 😂 (via
Obsessed by new song of Camila Cabello 🎵🎶 I highly recommend
Click that 👉🏽
At this point in my life all I seek is wisdom ➕
Damn they are going at I️t 😂
BRASIL HOOOOOPE 🇧🇷
Join 🔶 And Spend Some Tokens
yes please I'll chip in some money for your journey 😭💙
This was Chip not 5 minutes ago...I guess he's going to hold it.😜❄️😂
🤷🏿‍♂️.... side note I thought bout you earlier, you went to that Ja rule concert?
“This is CNN Tonight, I’m Don Lemon. The President of the United States is racist. A lot of us already knew that.” 🔥…
I swear I’m the only person who fw day mode 😂, y’all missing out .
PLEASE HELP ME REACH 300 RTS SO I CAN TALK WITH MY FAVORITE MAN 😭🙏🏻
I would literally sit and eat this with a spoon like I was eating cereal or some shit 😭
Retweet if you follow back.🚨 Follow everyone who retweet.🚨 Follow back all who follows you.🚨 Let's gain.🚨
It’s hurting my mama so it’s hurting me even more 😪
🗞🗞FRONT PAGE NEWS!!!🗞🗞 and are taking SHOTS at each other AGAIN!!! Stay tuned as news follow up
Tsk: movie started with exellence direction is brilliant👏 is the main peak of the movie My…
amazingdream
good luck! ❤️
Series of interviews with Fluz Fluz Advisors, meet TechCrunch Co-Founder, Keith Teare ✨ ➡
I FELT THIS IN MY BONES!!! 🔥🔥🔥
RT to help us wish TE Ryan Griffin a happy birthday! 🎉🎈
💥💥Wal-Mart, the largest private employer in this country, is raising its starting hourly wage to $11, expanding parental…
Lmao I’m so unenthused about my birthday. I’m laying in my bed watching Netflix 😭
Stop white people... 😂😂
Happy birthday beautiful!!! 😍😍😍
Thank you 😊
Keep That Teflon On Me , I’ll Toast One Of You Niggas 💯
They're bursting my heed but come out with some fucking sayings 😂
Place your orders with now for your girl💝 Valentine's Day is coming up! (Affordable + free shipping) RT…
Goals. 💕
🚂WHATS UP YALL! GAIN 980+ 🚂 👊RT | Like🚂 👊turn on mi notifications🚂 👊follow those who like/RTs🚂 Gain. Gain. Gain. Gain…
Statement about untimely death. Please RT so more know how lovely she was ❤️ from http…
The bag💰 🎶
1: Retweet this✅*` 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet✅` 3: Follow back all that follow you✅ 4: Turn my notifications on* 5:…
I’m CRYIN!! Snoop really be the voice for all of us and how we feel 😂😂😂😂😂
Daesangs (6): 161119 🏆 Album of the Year (Young Forever - MMA) 161202 🏆 Artist of the Year (MAMA) 171201 🏆 Ar…
FOLLOW For The Funniest Kermit Tweets On Twitter!!! 🐸🐸🐸
Thank you Brother. In fact just as you tweeted I was scrolling and heard the song myself again after long. Feels good 🙏🏻…
🌹~Follow, like, and RT for more daily hentai!~🌹
Tune in at 11am(pst)⏰ for  Live Show!🎼🔥 see which artist will be voted into Sunday’s  Countdown…
Happy birthday!! Hope it’s an amazing one!💙🍻
ThursEve🌹
Yes!! Im happy I got it right!!✨🙂
Imagine leeching from the series for years then tweeting this 🙄
nah😂bitch
😐 's eyes in this are going to haunt me forever. Oh my word.
this was you lmao until you lost it 🙄
[!!] Congrats   and EXO-Ls 👏🏼🎊🎉
You will always be in our hearts, Jonghyun💛
EXO’s awards at the  🏆Genie Music Popularity Award 🏆Ceci Asia Icon Award 🏆Global Popularity Award 🏆Disc Bonsan…
BTS WON THE ONLY DAESANG OF THE NIGHT ONLY KINGS DO THAT 😭😭😭😭😭😭
What kind of freaky Old school shit is that😂😂😂
social anxiety symptoms ⚠️ • dread everyday situations. • low self esteem. • avoiding eye contact. • thinking everyone…
DevOps Engineer - AWS - Chris Cobbold Limited ( Cambridge, UK ) - [ 📋 More Info ]
Happy Birthday Beautiful 🎂🙌🏽💛
How do we prepare for the doubling of the global urban population by 2050? Designing cities for people, not cars🚗 Investing in r…
Aww thank you po for calling and thank you for the love &amp; support! Your call warmed my ❤️ Hugs &amp; kisses to you there in…
GDA ⭐️Album of the year - Her: Love yourself ⭐️Disk bonsang ⭐️Digital Bonsang MMA ⭐️Song of the year - Spri…
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show Riah_simone:I’m back
My babies 😍😍 they have such a beautiful smile 😍😍    …
LeBron literally does it all for the Cavs 😂
Friend:”Y you keep lettin that fuck nigga treat you like a dog🐕 you deserve better “ Her:”I jus love him so much❤️I do…
going to get a mammogram tomorrow. Never done it before and dont want to .🤔 Need someone to hold my hand . 😣…
Your boy can’t die ✊🏻🤕 Surgery went way better than expected! Time to heal, thanks everyone and see you all soon ❤️ ht…
When you see a fine girl on Instagram 😂
Whoever made this is going straight to hell 😭
Jason Dufner is a freaking legend 🙌🏻
Wait for it 😭😭😭
Today I bought kitty liter, kitty food, dust pan &amp;&amp; broom, multi purpose cleaner, and a monster. Welcome to adulthood 💁🏼‍♀️
Thanks 😊
Funke Akindele on Avengers: Infinity Wars!!! Any role she plays we'll take it like that😃😃
thank you! (literally fangirling and freaking out right now...)🙌❤️
Jungkook quickly Turned around when he realized that he might stand beside IU,HE IS SO CUTE 😂😭
RT &amp; FAVORITE TO UNLOCK DAMN SHAW VISUALS ☔️⛈☔️🌧☔️⛈⚡️
The link lol i def need that FaceTime first to make sure you look like your pictures fr 😂 i needa get a vibe from the conve…
😂😂😂 exactly how females be
The OpTic BEARDS unite!!! All retweets are appreciated 👊🏼💢
tyini thiza 😂
Blessed to receive an offer from Stanford University!!
the album is out in some parts of the world and in other parts in a few hours IN A FEW HOURS THIS IS NOT A DRILL 😫😫😫😫😫…
DACA ????? What About Our 🇺🇸 Kids They have Dreams Too !! NO AMNESTY !!! NO SPECIAL TREATMENT!…
follow my Friends  WE LOVE U ❤🌷
DYYYINGGGG 😂😂😂😂😂
Liverpool to open talks with Leipzig on Naby Keita January switch 🗣
I’m online now guys😘💦💞
COMMUNITY CALENDAR: Now Live!🚨 First calendar roll out of 2018💃🏾 ALL submitted events will be posted. Make sure to s…
Not a want but a need 😂😂🔥
“Season 13”? What do you know that we don’t 😉
The studio food cupboard 😂
You bowed to me when i shouted your name and that moment is something that had been etched in my heart forever 💜 I…
Retweet this tweet to win 100,000 RPX！ Trade RPX to win PORSCHE 911 and other more rewards worth $500,000 👉…
Dear LORI LYONS💝💝Thank you for many retweets. 🙏💞I appreciate it.💞🎀
😂😂 they cook Asda £1 pizzas on a plug in pizza grill on the bar!
© just_486
his mole 💫
thank you!~ ♥️
Not to be dramatic or nothing but damn ... estoy rete fea 😂
THE BEST ON THE SHOW!!!  😻😻
of course my major would be  🙃🙃
"Emergency..." on EXO's COUNTDOWN site Release: 🗓️ 25th Jan 🕒 10:30AM KST
Watching the steve wilkos show and this guy said, "how are you getting things for the baby? With these people's taxes" 🤣🤣🤣
Like this if you love Logan Paul! 🐶
I feel like it’s so much easier to dress a girl but so much cheaper with a boy 😂
Share and RT 👇🏽👇🏽👇🏽
help me win this contest for troyes meet and greet by entering with this link !! 💌 it doesn’t matter where you live…
💥 Free live sexcams, live sex shows! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ Click ••► Click ••► …
ITS JUST SUPPORTERS 🙄WE trended
THIS BOY SHANNON SHARPE 😭😭💯💯💯💯
Why y’all clownin me 🤦🏾‍♂️😂 cmon now
How I lost my virginity on a date with my uncle: A thread ❤️
I called my girlfriend with my Friend's phone!... And she Picked up saying "Hey babe" 😍😍❤ She knew it was me! Isn't that r…
[🗳] BLOOD SWEAT TEARS    -
All too quickly lunch time is over ⏰
Oreos never looked so appetizing 😛
Professionals and friends!! 🤐 ⚪️⚫️🦅⚽️🇹🇷
Peep the eagle 🦅
White people can just do anything huh? LMAOOOOOO security must be too busy following around some black people 😂😂😂😂😂 htt…
League is already over and Zidane still rests Ronaldo Bale for the CdR 😂😂😂😂 I fucking hate him man
jenna &amp; Val's Brooklyn number from wctd tour is just 😍😍😍
Once upon a time 😓
subtle reference to in was legendary. Two of my favs ✨✨
nice tits 👅
wanna serve Me or be used\abused\humiliated\exposed\blackmailed etc-book a cam session ➡️ or catc…
😒😒😒get yo ass in bed
Sketch of 😘😘❤  ❤
“I almost called you a bitch” 😂😂😂
I promise I won’t fold🤞🏾🤕🤫
Trust Always 😊
Which episode, twinnieㅡ ? 😌
Can't wait! 💛
CUTIES AND SHOOKY IN THE END 😍
Reply to this tweet with "ifb" and follow everyone who likes your tweet/🎲
If she rings my doorbell I'm swinging idgaf 💀💯
Animal giving advice to animal. Imagine a monkey  giving advice to a cow  😂😂. As if we don't know that…
“Bitch move” 😂😂😂
me💧irl
He got caught cheating and tried to say the girl was a sex doll. “I got the receipt” 😂😂😂😂
A 747 climbing away from on its way back to © Diego Mancilla…
Stop trying to prove a point to me only person looking stupid is you 😒
🌻🌻🌻Hi dear friend 🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒 🍒 🌻🌻🌻Your heart is happy 🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲 🌻🌻🌻and Your life is sweet 🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹 🌻🌻🌻God is y…
👊 Good win for Aidan Mchugh in the junior  beating No.14 seed Styler 7-6, 6-3 to reach the quarter-finals!
Wow I'm really craving a Sheila panini now 😩😩😩
I don’t think he actually thought it was a word but y’all be stupid 🤦🏽‍♂️😂
RAVI 2nd MIXTAPE &lt;NIRVANA&gt; Commentary ALL ABOUT NIRVANA YOUTUBE▶ NAVER TV▶ …
Yung 100th question is a kind of question na pinangunahan na yung sagot 😅  pa rin ako kasi "He's…
How Girls be At Sleepovers 😂😂
COMEBACK V LIVE 'KONFIDENTIAL NIGHT' COUNTER originally posted by  ➡️…
i’m really enjoying myself rn 😂😂😂
This made my day 😊🐧
[ บังทันได้เข้าชิงรางวัล  สาขาดังนี้ ➡ Artist of the year ➡ Album of the year (YNWA) ➡ Song of the year (DNA…
Xanarchy Winter line coming soon 💔
Every damn night. 😒
Extra 3 lol    1 time!!! 😜
Important ! Plz help 👇👇👇👇
Awww thanks Debbie! 💜
happy new year 😂😂
I’m starting to have a mental breakdown. 🤷🏼‍♀️🦁
“But you’re still the ugly one in the relationship” 😭😂
Yay!!!! 🙌🏾 you bette let me know as soon as you hear something
That’s exactly what I was gonna say 😭
RT: Videography  🎞 🎥 💿 📀 📽 🎬 💻 📷 📸 📹 📼
171215 | © mina point
Den of thieves was 🔥
how my love be spilling for the people I care about 😤
Thanks hun 😘
⚠️ SPOILER ⚠️
hey cat have you tried this yet? Now I've seen everything😂😂
Club 1913 Friday it's up 🔥🤙🏾
Perfect view 😍🌴 IG STORY: johnvalle20
Are they connected to a block chain? 🤔
A week today! Join us at for a night of fresh new music 💚🚪 x
I can do it for you and I guarantee you an excellent grade PAY AFTER &amp; ONLY IF IMPRESSED💲 I'm💯LEGIT &amp; I NEV…
This man was so lost at the Preds game “I don’t even know why they just blew the whistle I’m so lost” 😂
Trying to catch a body 💪🏾😂
drake gives 40 a shoutout on gods plan, next guy who doesn't credit gets hit with that copyright stick, no excuses 🤷🏽‍♂️😂
Poor hurt  😭😭😭 its so heart-breaking to see her like this. 💔😪 brilliant performance 👏👏👏
Let's try to get BLOOD SWEAT TEARS to 1M tweets at least💪 We are currently at 744k! Would this be hard for ARMY? I don'…
🎶 that's what she like, no need for playin around 📰 There's no comfortable position to be found
💀😂💀😂😂💀 dawg what the fuck is going on?
when people make fake accounts of you on instagram. 🙄
Good evening darlings ,
Call4 ✅ Iran’s legitimate leader for  from Brutal Mullahs
annoying boyfie better than sweettalker 😂🤷‍♀️
But he’s still an infant 😩 (though I guess now is better than later bc he won’t remember any of this by the time he’s older)
Parokya ni Edgar and Secondhand Serenade 😍♥️💕
I completely agree that obama inherited a CRAP 💩 economy. And we did see it rise a bit. So kudos for it not going down further.
Good morning Twitter 🤪👍 Bonyour la France 😋
I cant go to SMA Tommrrow😢 Good luck to BTS 🏆
We vote (  for  at  🔎
I’ve never laughed so hard in my life at Austin. Today’s video is gone be hilarious 😂
RT: Want to build and program a Lego RACE CAR? Check out the Robotics classes we offer.   👾 🤖
Goodnight African Americans &amp; Ant 🙏🏾
That's so nice 👍🏾 😊
this pit bull can’t stop smiling and it’s the cutest thing ever 😭😭
Check out our stories and project images on  📸
We Are One 💪🎉
Feel better tomorrow....you got this 💪👍
Ok....ok...I’m takin all types of notes today... always playin😒😒
I love the sound/smell of rain🌧
RT if you remember any of these Cartoons😁😁😁
REFUSE BECAUSE YOU CARE‼️RESIST BECAUSE ITS RIGHT‼️EQUALITY AND RIGHTS SHOULD BE THE NORM‼️
My next single is produced by me 🤘🏽🔝🔥
people being bitter about valentine’s day every year are irritating. no one can ruin one of my favorite holidays 😇
is the gift itself to ARMYs💟
is the gift itself to ARMYs💟
Just because it's  and every day 🌻
Accurate enough 😂👌
We're voting (  for  at  🏆🔥
Get On our Warwick Farm 🏇 👌 TIPS and BETS 💰 ⬇️
BBC Sport - Leeds United: Consultation on change to club's crest to be reopened But we're not famous anymore 👍👍
Just like grammar used to make 😋💗😻
So excited for brazil 🇧🇷 see you very soon
You almost had it.😂😭😭
A whole ass study tho!? 😂☠️ y’all that bothered lmfao
Duality 🐯💜
[ iHeart: Best Boy Band] Day 14 🔥 Report for accumulated Tweets + RTs for    compar…
HAPPY BDAY TO MY BFF 🏐🎊⭐️👑🎈 have a great day!
“I’m scared af to lose you” ya that’s why u broke a couple up and ur with two other chicks 😂
So it should be too😡
You get a pass this time😭
Writing this week off already 😭 hurry up Saturday 🙌🏼
💋💋💋💋 for you sunny....liked you're new look....looking dashing in this new look
20 COINS GIVEAWAY - 3 WINNERS 💰 - Retweet &amp; Follow - Enable notifications on CSGORoll - Play Free Spin …
[Video] Stunning at the red carpet of  🔥
I got options but I want what I want 🤷🏼‍♀
Gain 500+ active followers fast!! 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
Ph some😤
Love that pesto bowl! 🙌🙌
Look at this guy, Mans Rich asf that he matches his turban with the color of his Rolls Royce 😂 May God give y'all these kind…
Happy Birthday wishing you the best birthday ever 👍😀🎁
Don't do Facebook duck 🦆
Never been love 👐
When you fed up with all the foolishness🌞👐🏽
🍃When you take me there.... Again and Again And ....again ~  🍃🌼
The best thing my momma ever taught me was to not care a single bit about what other people think about me. 🤷🏻‍♀️💁🏻‍♀️😌
Same!! I love getting organized in January 😊
I iz on da big bed wi mumsie 😝 not ad the best few months but our Twitter family make mumsie laugh n that makes me happy ni…
Donna sucks at tattooing 💀.
I lurV U SOPHIA💓
Good! Glad you didn’t read me as pompous or found it valuable even if. 😉 I was an editor before I was an educator.
Classic goodness 🤗
These niggas fake I can see these niggas changing 🗣🔟 Out now link in bio 🔥
Congratulated one of my favourite on being awarded crystal award. Prestigious honour indeed 👍 …
Who else has ever bought any item(s) at ridiculous prices and then feel ashamed to tell anyone the real price😩😩 https://t…
Woooow so you gone front ? Ok bro 💀
What an amazingly perfect and stunning body this goddess has got..love it..💗💗💗💗🔥🔥🔥🔥😍😍😍
Skill dewa, Bisa selfs*ck &amp; Selff*ck. 💦😱 I wish I could do that 😩
Y’all think y’all got friends? Lose yo car😂😂😒😒
🚨 wee woo wee woo 🚨
Official tagline for 's 19th birthday. Happy birthday baby girl! ✨🌸 Ysa PlusEighteen
The comments 😂😂😂😂😂
January feel like its been longer than the whole year of 2017😂
MTV. TOMORROW.
I’m trynna go pass the ball around ⚽️
It's like her second closet 😂
Making friends in Hawaii 📸 Olivier Rolland
So attractive when a lad slates a girl for her insecurities😻😻😻x
that guy could have fed so many lions😢
Milfs like to have fun as well 😈 👻Add to Snapchat ➡️ BlushSnaps ⬅️
Praying for the greatest athlete of all-time to finally get the recognition he deserves...🙈🙏🏼 We love you Barry!!!
Taki following back 😃
😭😭😭😭 I fuck with ya old r&amp;b taste
Friends that nap together, stay together 💛
RT: Centreville Baptist Church for  cool games    🕰️🖥️🎮💎
The clips of she thought were gone for good 😂😂
back to being real bougie and stingy with my time 💁🏽‍♀️
That magazine gave Jungkook solo poster in November too along with BTS,I can sense someone’s bias our Kookie 😁❣️ https://t…
Can D.O. also sing "There's nothing holdin me back"??? Pleasssseee🙏
¡¡¡ THANK YOU!!! NYE was massive 😱 so much love + community in one place! Happy New Year ❤️ 2018 here we gooo…
I left today 🤦🏾‍♂️
How to Pronounce Rev Up Those Fryers ↺RT❤
Luna’s ootd😍😃
Managerial master stroke from conte there😳
Andrei Arlovski — RD1 0:54 ✅ Fabricio Werdum — RD1 2:47 ✅ Alistair Overeem — RD1 4:27 ✅ Junior dos Santos — RD1 2:22 ✅…
Shit had me so weak 😂😂
SUPER JACK!!!!!!  🔴 1-0 🔵 (63)
And if you do your obviously pressed. You need mouth to mouth 💀💀💀💀
HOY ALSO UNDIRECTLY MENTIONED INSPIRITS TOO😭 fans said to do a birthday party w fans &amp; hoy said "it would b nice to do a bday…
Gypsy, 2001-2018. Once the Liveliest of Pups, much later The Doddery Dog. She took care of everyone &amp; was a good dog. 💜…
Two faced mother fuckers everywhere 😤😡🙅🏻
I think I’m so rude but I don’t wanna change 😔
🚨RT AND CALL Call your Senators ASAP and tell them NO to Trump’s pic for US Attorney In Southern District of New York!!…
📷 misterreus: dreamydiamond: cotton-boy: pixieluver: freehologramreview: lethal-cuddles:...
The Maryland episode of “Dope” on Netflix is so fucking sad 😔
🔥Rt para essa pack 🔥 • Austin Mahone • 5 Seconds Of Summer acc • One Direction acc • Justin Bieber (3 dms) • Jack G • J&amp;J -Se…
You do that too??? 😂😂
Be thankful to God ❤️
BEAUTY by Nutra-Lift® PREMIUM Natural &amp; Organic SKINCARE at Affordable Prices @ …
This look right here is how African parents say "I'm proud of you my child, I love you" 😂
📢 Only 1 week to go! Gear up for a PHRASE Tag from 6 PM.  Spread!
Dambi following Minhyuk obediently Mingyu: waa.. im so jealous (his Aji is shy and never listen to him😂) dambi is so cute…
🎈😽🎈😻🎈😸🎈😽🎈😻🎈 1st: so brave ... 2nd: so smart ... 3 rd: Well done ... 👏🏼👏🏽👏🏾 Via nathan_thebeachcat on  ... 🐾🐾🐾…
You ain't white if u never had bologna cake with mayo &amp; mustard icing 😋💀
Meditite :307: IV100 CP396 L25 ♀ [Confusion/Low Sweep] 34.653032,136.471193
On your site address Yam Yam lol Good Luck 💨💨💨👍
I want a box of flowers 😍
It’s training day with the OLs! I’m so excited to see them all ☺️
Watch yo money then you should watch yo mouth🏌🏽‍♀️🙄
The best of both worlds: our Flapjack and Fritter Premix! Are you a sweet or savoury lady? 😎
🍒🍒 FREE VIDEO
Done😂
First KN pic of 2018 💙💙💙
No problem brother ✊️
Indeed hml &amp; NO KIDS 💀🤣
I hate you miserable ass bitches 😩
No he scored an own goal 😂😂😂
Alien Icons 👽👽 Dm me for your requests icon and header
RT..  🎉 to Elstree Studio's Chairman Morris Bright for being awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours!!…
⭐️ FULL VIDEO ⭐️ ★➤ ★➤ ★➤
Ah if he comes to me like this Imma just give it to him for free! Anything he wants, on the house! 😂😙
Wait 😱 What 😱 So the Bible forbade 'Pulling out'??? . . Genesis 38 🚶
A child 👎👎
goooooonighttteu♡ i love this cheeky man😋
5️⃣0️⃣players are in action on day one of Go  🇺🇸 📅: Jan 3-7 📋:…
This gave me the laugh of the year and the year just started 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
God: Let's bring some beauty to this world ------- Results:   paired up and  happened ♥ Not…
✨💎🌕to the moon and back🌕💎✨
im your jazz singer, youre my cult leader; i love u forever ❤️
😘 I miss youuuuu
At my favourite place with my favourite people 🤗  guys! Love love love 💕
🤣 Wah Bounty Killa seh? Man a wah? Please clarify!
₍ 🐈 ₎ . . . lets get to know: → loona ♡  📁
⚪️⬜️WHITE OUT FOR THE GAME FRIDAY. COME SUPPORT THE BOYS AND GIRLS⬜️⚪️
Imagine that even and I like it☺☺ 🙈🙈 Than…
If You Loyal &amp; Looking for a girlfriend Dm Me ☺️
Congrats 🎊🎈🍾
my school is so FUCKINGGG wild I swear I’ve never been in a place with so many DAMN SNAKESSSSSS🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍 I can’t wait to graduate 😅😅😅😅
Seriously why Houston though 😐
Made it 6 months without my ex noticing before he kicked me off😪
We need more nurses just like this! fighting the good fight   Thank you 🙏🏿
MAN OF THE YEAR 🙏🏽
🖥[ MV TEAM 100M &amp; 200M ] 🖥 🏅FIRE - 256M 🏅DOPE - 249M 🏅BST - 233M 🏅DNA -221M 🏅NOT TODAY - 176M 🏅BOY IN LUV - 17…
I’ll never understand the desire girls have for fake nails? 🤔😶
?😂 — swmrs stannie
👉🏻👉🏻 How to Use Blockchain: 10 Use Cases 🏦 💸
My parents have mad skills 🤦🏼‍♀️😂
Happpppy birthday 💋💋💋💋
My little brother asked me to buy him a “cow notebook.” I quickly realized he meant a composition book.. 💀
ANGER lN  AT GERMAN 🇩🇪 FM AFTER HE REPEATS THAT ISRAEL IS AN  REGIME.   https://t…
Tonight!!! - 🎧🎤🎶🎶🎶💋💋💋💋💋💋
When you wanna be Mr. Best Dressed, but instead Mr. Stressed™
those curls 😍😍😍
also thank you for telling me this (you know who you are) hehe 💜
i think i found the calico cat led night light jimin gave to jungkook in run bts ep 34 but it’s out of stock 😭😭 i dont know w…
Shake it out, shake it out, shake it out, shake it out, ooh whoa.🕯️    👉🏻 Lámina…
GRAB UR FRIENDS &amp; SET A DATE TO PLAY THE SLIDES!!!!!!😍🤗 (I’ve tried it-twas worth it 👏🏻) ALSO , try out the delicious CRYB…
Ohh lemme get a Apple Watch for the low✔️
You can relate this with me 😂😂
Landing into 2018 like... 💥💥💥💥💥💥 New Year Senjo! Sendai Girls! First match of the new year! LIVE! Saturday Night! 6th…
the bruhz and alphas of USF wanna make sure y'all have a lit weekend😈make sure you're there! For any questions contact
RT: Birthday Party      🆒 🎂
gov ball 2018 🎈
Barrio Logan: Skitty ♀ til 21:34:41(29m 25s).
Buy an item, save a pet! 🐶😇🐾 • 15% OFF Sale • 10% is donated to Pet Rescue • 3 Day Shipping! Shop ↠ Link in bio 🐈 ht…
Maybe It's your last retweet ❤️❤️
Are you going to the Netherlands with your tour?😅 I really hope you do bc I want to see you irl and I really want…
Really can’t believe it such a brilliant program 😱😱
Omg you’re sick. 😷 lmao
Take a 👀 at our non-conference weekend schedule for 2018 that includes a date with defending National Champion Florida…
Paying all that money just to see beyonce 😂
In this bitch 🙋🏽‍♀️
before I get what I want 😤 Vs. after I get what I want 😇
I'm so sorry. Ik he meant a lot to you. I'm literally crying. Im here if you need me. 😭😭😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Interested in making up to 10k in one day Inbox me asap 💸.
Glad I can’t relate boy 😂
Cooler than Freddie Jackson sippen a milkshake in a snow storm 🍦
"He will take her this year December 😄"
💯💪🏽We Miss U LilBro ...🎬🔋Whole Lotta Movies CominSoon 🎤💉
We Gone Shit On Em 2018 , 2019 , 2020, 2021 , 2022 ,2023 , 2024 , 2025 , 2026 FUCK IT FORVER ❤️
Ibm Makes 'smallest Movie Ever' Using Atoms ↺RT❤️️
IT's time. ⌚️
can this be my present 😫❤️
a WARRIORS fan..😚😙
Can't wait to hear to it!! 😱😱😱⬆️⬆️
Idk either. I use a Blue Snowball or Razers. 🤷
NewRiver have some fantastic opportunities in the West Midlands! Follow this link to find out... 👍🏻…
Just received my NUB Bluetooth Micro Stereo Speaker from 🔊 so cute with a lot of BASS!
If you rap/sing send us links! We are listening to new music all day. Let’s work. 🚀🔥👀
oh we doing song titles as captions in 2018? got it 👌🏾
my mom posted this on her snap and ima just leave this here 😭
Who are you again?? 😏😏😏😏
in the studio going crazy 😩🔥
69 day until the start of the Cheltenham Festival. 😍 RT if you're going this year.
Time to go chase that dream. Seize 2018. 👊🏼
haruka flirting with girls 👀
Today I wanted to be a pilot 👩‍✈️
🤩  in LINE FRIENDS Store 🗺
When Barber is not available 😜👌🏼
New Years 2018‼️🚀😈
yo if u look like this dm me 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Guy on the train is having a clearly fake phone convo about going to Paris to work with balmain and then all of a sudden his phone rings 😂😂😂
Free 🙏🏾🏁
btw I know i’m late to the coachella tweeting... i was on a flight and just heard the news 😩
These memes lmaooooo 😂😂
Follow everyone who RT and FAV this 📮
Learn the 5 basic  interactions in less than 10 minutes. 🦄🤖
Am very happy becoz this z the😙😙😙 begining 4 MY Life.😠😬😡😢😴
songs 😍 Always close to my heart ❤ Melting voice Angel Magi…
Cuteness overload 😭💕 See full article:
Quote using Your favorite movie Of Hrithik and also Follow 😘👌 biggest fan 1 WEEK TO HRITHIK BIRTHDAY
it still takes a long time to fall asleep but eventually, it does help me, I think 😖
lady🐞
Bandera Bandera 💰💰 I Eat When I’m Starving 🍽
I’m adopting 2 kids and getting a dog ☺️
bitches really don't deserve a reaction from me ain't no free clout bitch carry on 💅🏽
😤😤 makes my ass itch 🤯
What if I didn’t 💗
😳😳😍I love TheChepo EXTENDED CHRISTMAS SALE! ENTIRE STORE IS $0.00 AND YOU JUST PAY SHIPPING! *UNLIMITED ITEMS at checko…
Song Battle 54 👊🏻 Sultans of Swing by Dire Straits vs. Another Brick in the Wall by Pink Floyd Which one do you think…
Shit had me so weak 😂😂
Africa I got you!  EP Now Available for Pre-Order on Now! 📀 Out On 11 JANUARY!…
RIP FISH 😂
 Retweet 
Everyone on this app is mad and I love it😂😂❤
Together💚💚💚
blessing you like a nigga said a-choo🤧💋
I really should’ve left you in 2017 😂
I love you❤️
God has been to good to me to look back‼️
Not a derby worthy hat, but you still make it look good 😍❄️⛄️
let me make my mark ✨
Young Gucci. Retweet for good luck and to secure the bag. 🤘🏾✨
THIS 👏
he was looking like bitchhhhh...😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😩
The fact that Harry’s first thought was to hug louis DO YOU HEAR ME CRYING?!? 😭
My dad blowing kisses to my mom from across the room has me dead 😂
That’s the annoying part. She should go with her husband 😤
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏. Knowledgable. Practical. Informative. I wish you’d write to Angus McNeill Chair of the Int…
LOL!!!! What a wonderful thought someone envious of my originality. 😉🙃
A lascou!!!!!!!! 😃😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
So sweet ✌🏻
RT: Korean Central Presbyterian for   Educational Classes For Kids 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Want an Eric Staal autographed puck? RT if you're "I'MN" for  $50 in scratch 🎟 &amp; more → …
I remember! :') ♥️
Thank You For This AM And Again This Early PM With The (Special Area). It Means So Very Much Right Now. 🌴😉
Getting sick and tired of spending my loser funded money 🙄😂 I spent £75 today. I've had £30 reimbursed I want the rest re…
let’s play a game | bts for outcast au🕷
One of the best points I’ve read in 2018 👇🏻🤓❤️
ITS GRIMY SZN YA BIH GO COP A PS HOODIE FOR THE CULTURE. 🖤🕸
🕶🎤 171022 MAMAs - Mic Drop ( Remix) Stage The day... you reduced me to tears h…
It’s like they only care about vets on Veteran’s Day and when NFL players were kneeling 🤔
boutta go m.i.a 👋🏽
Beautiful Decorative Plates at Galvacrafts 😊
Good night Twitter.😴💙
I would also watch this movie with Viola Davis and Helen Miran DAMN 😍
i love youuuu😘
I'm truly just laughing at my tv saying wtf big brother 😂😂😂
And the countdown begins. 🇫🇯🌺
My mcm doesn’t even follow me 🙂
ALL WHO RT 2🔷RT &amp; LIKE 3🔶GAIN 🌹 4🔷FOLLOW 👉👉
That boy the truth✊🏽🔒
Then u're a gay boy man legend 👐🏽
aw bless him lmaooo that prank was hilarious💀 it had me in stitches
Thank you for following me.Have a wonderful day! :) 🌷🌻 🌺🐝 🇺🇸 HandCraftedMinds
❌ WATCH FULL VIDEO ❌ 🔗 🔗 🔗 …
My grandpa just melts my heart 😍😭❤️
me tooo😂😂😂
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY sir 🎈🎈🎈💋💋💋 we love you💜💜💜💜
Dang right 😂
Britney "About that action" Spears ❤️
Any prediction for kyungsoo? Please answer me, im so curious for this boy😭 — a serious bright future for him in acting…
She's😍😍
If you haven’t voted, please do! K-ARMY is asking for help to trend this hashtag! We can do this ARMY! 👊🏻
Meanwhile, in New England... 😂   🌬❄️
Try! 😅
Who dat?😍😍
Ede X Ede Remi Coni Iya, Segun Elere Boolu odabo odabo Kayode.😄 If you know you know Add yours
10 days 🇸🇬
rt this to gain yoongi stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🤗
Wen the star shines 😍, in Todays  😍🙌
This is the best video I have seen in a while 😂
Still life in that old dog I reckon 🤔🤞🏻
Lower is so good 😭😭
When you bought  and haven’t told anyone in 5 minutes 😂😂
Chim❤
yes, daddy. 🙈
If A￼ Nigga Play With I’m Bringing That Pressure Wouldn’t Mind Doing Time For My Brother ... ❤️💯🤭😈
Check out my page for more 😈 Instagram: diego_rodrigob Facebook: Diego Barros Snapchat: dbarros9…
Ah! Ma-my heart 😫😶
What the hell are you talking 👄 about? Don't you know? You BECAME IRRELEVANT.
Thank you ❤️
. could read, what is written on the image? You're going to make me so happy. I love you❤
the cutest😍😍😍
Had the best day drinking with Isobel ❤️❤️❤️ my soul mate
i can’t hold back my tears....... 😭😭😭😭😭
Me and my lady so vulgar with each through text and otp but when we in person it be butterflies in my stomach like I never seen her before 😂
Me either, but now we have! Thanks, Oprah 💕
Why everyone being so extra today 😅😂
11 Year Old Boy Gets Into A Fight With A 17 Year Old That's Twice his Size And The Little Guy Wins 😂 …
◻ Send a robot to Mars ◻ Launch with American companies from U.S. soil ◻ Visit an asteroid …just a few of the…
I've been doing the lazy version for the last couple days; I can't handle all the notifications 😅
Stop asking God for things &amp; ask him for Knowledge, Wisdom, &amp; understanding‼️ Allow him to teach you &amp; genuinely allow Go…
I'm in love with everything on 😍
⚔ I do like to look sharp for the ladies, so please--pick something good, all right?
✔⌂ aeropostale mens long sleeve windowpane plaid woven shirt
you: omg i LOVE the British accent, it's so hot 👀💦💦💖 me: OYE DROVE MEY TRA'ER THROUGH YUR 'AYSTACK LAHS' NOIGHT [OOH ARR OHH…
Funniest video of the 2018 so far😂😭
year of 2003 😍😍😱
Happy Birthday JB!! 🎉🎉🎊
Men will men cricket version. 😂
🤣😂 That's what dumb people do.
This guy. 👏 Kawhi Leonard
Just do wtv that makes you happy 🙌🏻
📚📖 BOOK RECOMMENDATION THREAD: books that are garunteed to get you hooked and have you up at night trying to finish it.…
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this🍷✅
Just bought a $3 charger from the gas station shit changed my phone number ☹️😡
Saying shit over and over gets old❗️
thank you ma😋
My dog obviously diggin J. Cole new album . That head bobbin tho 💀😂
Gain 200+ active followers fast!! 👉 Like and Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
If I go OT jus kno it’s business trip 🧠
Retweet Follow Follow back Gain hundreds of new followers!!!   🇳🇬  🇿🇦
🌿Retweet This 🌿 🌿Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet 🌿Follow back all that follow you 🌿Goo   🌿Goo
glow and grow all year long ✨
JBJ Donghan and Kenta mentioned BTS, they are happy when Yoongi received award~ 😭👍🏻❤ Fanboys~~~~
The Primary Couple✨
It’s almost as if he’s in an environment he shouldn’t be in 🤔
This give me joy... Not all heroes wear capes, some of them drive buses! Hail Up this hero! 🙌🏾
I dey burst my own head! 😂
Stunning Latin Young Slut Having Passionate Interracial Sex girls fucking xxxsex ➡
Whose grandpa is out here sucking on titties through Facetime? 💀😂
If you're not out here January 20th! You're missing out 😈🔥
 Follow
VIsion’s “Soul” Video now out 🔥 Share and Listen
Just a reminder that Bhad Bhabie is that Bitch 🔥
Cozy level: 1000000 🐻 |
Your baby girl has the flu 🤒 Won’t be on cam for a little bit. Send me some love with offline gold &amp; make me feel bette…
ok but that’s you😘
Lazy boring nights | featuring me x2 🙂✨
Ryan has also interrupted nearly every woman he has interviewed 🙄
Viola Davis is  ready✨
Former H-E-B executive charged with 48 counts of child porn! Don't let ANYONE tell you elites aren't raping kids! 🍕 https://…
God first, anime second 🔥
How is this guy not already famous 😩🔥 Check out Yazer - baby bottle 🍼💦
Depends on the man 🤷🏽‍♀️
We Started Off 2018 Watching 🐗 What A Super Cute Movie!!   ❤️
im not okay 👅
✅ First time a lower division side have scored 4+ goals vs Arsenal since 1908. ✅ First time Arsène Wenger has been knocked out…
heading to LA to see my bros 😍 2018 is about to be crazy.
I hear crickets 😴😴😴
Arsenal complete garbage 😂😂😂😂
WKV is over for this season. So someone has switched to "Thank you press ji" from "Thank you Salman ji" 😂😂😂 VIKAS DESE…
Grenadians don’t know bout this cause the rum does just go in the sorrel when it make 😂
Locksreen 😊😁😎 Amazing
♡! sf9 as shin chan characters [ 📩 ]
True 👍😀
5000 followers, thanks you so much guys 😊😊
🔥O U T E V E R Y W H E R E🔥 👉🏻 LàMí By 👈🏿 🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺 Kindly Listen N Download…
The Smuggler's Bou…
oh my god the moment i leave twitter he post this? 😭😭❤
Good morning Twitterworld 💗 Breakfast time...
i'm so excited for monday. i can't believe i haven't posted a video in 2 weeks. ahhhh 😬😬😬
Very interesting Pod! Thanks to the 3 of you for doing it on a Sunday. With an exclusive included😉…
RT: Does your child want to create 3D Models with precision? 🖥️
Mascherano counts as 3 yes👍🏻
Where u get yo jewelry from dawg ? “Uhm nah hold on” 💀
Finally 🤣
Daenerys e Jon Snow = ❤
LEAVE MY HOSEOKIEEEE ALONE ..... KILL ME INSTEAD 😤😤
demon💙.
Why did you guys let me buy M&amp;Ms? 🐽
I needed this tonight ❤️
Its 2018.. idc if you fwm or not🤷🏽‍♂️
i want more friends 🙄 i be home bored all day
Awe cute lil jadey bug! Miss are hangouts ! 😘😘
Kit’s face after that acceptance speech was priceless😂😂😂😂😂
Broooo took the words out my mouth 🗣🗣🗣
my mans just called me a dumb ass bitch on the TL😂💀💀🙄
i’m so happy when i’m in hawaii 🌺
You are invited to celebrate 2018, worship Jesus, + hang out at Epicenter this Wednesday at 6:30 PM! 💥 We can’t wait to see you…
Debra Messing is a G 😂
Yeah haha 🤣
2 days later and it’s growing on me😔😂
Tweet of the day 😂👏
It’s time we voted to remove ocean from twitter guys, please let’s sign a petition 😔
Luna has so many things idk where to fit everything at it’s crazy 🤦🏻‍♀️
Rt w  4 &amp; I doing FOLLOW/DM SPREE every SUNDAY😁 hell yeah
Hey Julian how about an amazing follow &amp; BB will create a one of a kind, custom made  piece for you!⚽️😁🎉👍🔥
My angel 💜
I’ll be answering all  questions from 10-11pm just after the first episode... Enjoy 💪🏻👊🏻
Top 5 best verses of all time... Give me chills every time I listen 🤧
I can't believe Daddy is 18 already😭😭 Love you girl💕
If I ever seen water this blue I would be in heaven 😍😍😍
Hi baby unicorn 🦄 Can u pls follow these?
Love yours 🖤
💥TWEETSTORM 💥 Democratic candidate for Congress CA48 —Harley Rouda challenging Dana Rohrabacher(R-Russia) 🔹Follow ➡️
When a vegan says “you lookin like a snack 🤤”
Wonwoo's letter from the Nabiya Cat Shelter 🐱🌿 "I always thought of want to help in some way, now i got an opportunity to pa…
Cuz i have a *thing* for tatted teen-rebel Kim Seokjin 💃
Who fucking hates Donald Fucking Trump? Raise your tweet 🤚🏼!
🏀MBB: Great defence as McCulloch off balance 3 finishes well short of the rim! Gryphons defeat…
Pick up Lo, your best friend is calling. 🤗
🔥There is more than enough evidence, especially on Classified info abuse to arrest 🔥 This according t…
I really love my tl rn 😍 Thank you so much, and for this dope icon project! 💥🙌👏
Who the fuck is following you 🤔 oh wait me 😂😂😂
Amazing Acapella Simpsons Theme ↺RT❤️️
he’s off his coconut 😂
thank you cousin! i love you!! 💕
This is sickening &amp; outrageous! People used to view 🇺🇸 as a country of hope. These immigrants fled Indonesia to avoid rel…
Cute!🌿✨
🚨 NEW POST IS ONLINE : SHEARLING JACKET AND BORDEAUX TWEED SKIRT
❄️Knives Case  ❗️ CLICK ⛄️ Like + RT + Follow us ⛄️ Paste your profile URL 🏆Winner in 3…
Would love to try an Impossible Burger version 🙂
Yeen gotta pay me,ima fuck ya ol lady 💯
⚽️ Scores A Goal 🏃‍♂️ Runs Into The Stand 😅 Sits Down As A Fan 👏 Applauds His Finish 😂 Celebration Of The Season 👏 (🎥
I couldn’t find any gifs for modern money theory 🙁
Something New!!!! ❤️  (📸
🌪️ 2 Hour Giveaway 🌪️ 🎁 2x Minimal Wear M4A4 | Buzz Kill 🎁 ✅ Retweet ✅ Follow us ✅ Reply with 1st, 3⃣rd and Last char…
My father's 61th Birthday cake😍😍😍
Thank you!! 💖💏
I’m done ✅
Is it just me or was this the longest January ever 🤦🏽‍♀️😂😂😂😂
EXO Love Me Right MV Korean version 🔗    L-1485
A very, very special victory indeed. Congratulations  🇮🇳
Cutie Pup😘😘😘
congrats my daughter for catching up ✨
DAILY SCHEDULE 🗓 180127 | 27th January |   Schedule 🎤 Concert D1 [ 📺 TV Drama [ Details…
Dats Some Morata Ass Nigga 😂
here 🍻 ??
Ohh we have a new hashtag to vote? LETS GO GUYS ‼️
Clexa Woods AU ❤️😘🔥🔥🔥
Wedding of the year please! Congrats ❤️😍
🔆Do you want followers❓ ➊ Follow me &amp; retweet this🔸 ➋ Follow all those who rt &amp; like🔸 ➌ Followback everyone🔸 🔆Turn my notificat…
CANNOT wait to hear it man!!!! 😍
Crazy 💚🐥
Omg who broke is heart. 😭😭
Saw  today. Troy Bolton &amp; Wolverine are the bromance I never knew I needed. ❤️🎩
Hip-hop royalty 🥂
‼️New Freezer Challenge‼️ 😂😭
📣Thread of fanchants to raise our votes for Best Fan Army📣 🌟You know the drill! RT every Tweet of this thread AND creat…
I love you forever 💖💝💕🇿🇦🇫🇷💞
Andy Carroll!!😁
can't wait for battle trip with mingyu and seungkwan 💙
This girl right here is wide awake fr 😢
WHY DID THEY DELETE THIS SCENE?!? 😂
🚨RETWEET/QUOTE/REPLY to this tweet with     Let's take him up t…
🚨 Republicans have scheduled a vote Monday on legislation that would ban some women’s health care choices 🚨 We can't tur…
Good predictions 😂
나아갈진 X DAYOFF ➖ JIN X SUGA PHOTO EXHIBITION 'ROOMMATE' IN SEOUL COMING SOON
Love uuuu 💜💜
full illustration for 🌸 witch gfs and their twelve crow familiars
no nigga can fuck up my life.. maybe my day... or hour... never my life😂
⚡15U Day 1
D | Oil , Acrylic and Nippon Paint on Canvas 78¾ x 78¾ INCH © 2017 Michael Andrew Law / Law…
- these are my favorite recently engaged followers this week! - 🚀 Grow your followers with
😭😭😭😭😂 no game playing but did you see how big she got
MAYBE if they understood the value of 💲they'd appreciate our efforts of trying to entertain/enhance t…
RT for Costa🇪🇸 LIKE for Higuain🇦🇷
1: Retweet this✅🔑 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet✅🔑 3: Follow back all that follow you✅🔑 4: Gain with  🔥
🇪🇦 ¿Les pica el gusanillo a los ciclistas retirados tras ver el recorrido de  ?  🇬🇧 Do retired cyclist…
suddenly eating together is gay again. at their best. I'm so proud 💗💗
At least 3/5 of those reasons sound like reasons to do it, rather than avoid it. Get involved 👍
I always look for a reason to smile even in my darkest days, the light is within yourself and so is happiness 🌌💡…
A thankful attitude releases so much joy in your life. Wherever you go, give thanks to God💖  💞
When the plug running late... &amp; I ain't even picking up weed 😂
girlcrush💞
Happy Saturday! So excited about our New Grass Fed Protein 😀 Amazing taste!…
You do you 🌹
The answer is "Frappe" The winner of this question is congrats 👏  …
Please Don’t Scroll Past Without 😢🤧 Retweeting My GodSon Is Missing He Was Last Seen 1-22-18 He Didn’t Come Home From Sch…
⚠️ But when using iHeartAwards hashtag, there may be a risk of account lock-out therefore it is recommended to raise each…
Penelopes photo shoot today was a success 💖
Great story from Jackie Chan about going bowling with Bruce. “Yeah, he’s my buddy!” 😂. Have a great weekend! …
Gene Wilder a genius, Johnny Depp a prick. It's really not so hard to choose 😂
IM GONNA CRY, I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART 💗
blue. 💙
U.S. technology companies founded by 1st and 2nd generation immigrants: 🇺🇸 Apple Google Amazon Facebook Oracle IBM Uber Ai…
SOME PPL GONE DIE NOT LIKING YO ASS . THANK GOD AND STUNT EVERYDAY!! LIFES TOO SHORT. BE WELL❤️
Excuse me? 😱😂 Wow!
lol right ☠️
Not to yank my own hijab, but damn 🌝
Mood💃🏼
here's yoonkook; one of the free commissions from a while back that I never got around to posting 💛 …
This how you turn hoes down in 2018 😂🤣
Win Lose Or Draw I’m Choosing My Team Over Anybody!💯
Good job EXOL! Don't give up 💪🏻🙆🏻 Let's work harder and harder every day and make them wonder how to push us down.
Stay calm; breath - Oh what the heck; scream &amp; make a fool of yourself. 😂
hi!! please check ur dms from jackson 💗
Thank you Love you guys. 💜💁🏾‍♀️And thanks to &amp; for an a…
I want a boyfriend who gone reply to other niggas comments like "Why you on her shit" 😭🤔 not a nigga who gone screenshot it…
An amazing picture of President Trump awarding a purple heart to this brave soldier. This is why we stand.❤❤❤🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Welcome to the  Game, 👋
Dear Democrats,I thank you for your defense of our rights 👍🏼 But Obama,a pro-Iran(?), created ISIS (by Sau…
❤️❤️❤️❤️ loveeeeeee
Me🐉irl
Fine work, fine work. 👏 A fantastic result in the
Polypropylene covers fabricated by Reedward Plastics 😁😁😁😁.Please contact sales for further information 0161 655 429…
not feeling work today but imma go ☺️
I was singing "if you no get money hide your face" just before I took this picture and my mum did this. 😂😂 …
How the fuck did I lose a whole blending stump 🤬
pondering pondering iDEA🗣
I hate them swoops that be all on people forehead, like the ones damn near touching they eyebrows 😭 I know they forehead be…
The only artist I still get excited for to drop music is 🤷🏻‍♂️
This video made my entire day ❤️😍💕
The best change to The Eve.. just listen to how clear Junmyeon's voice is ❤
😂The Monalia of barber shops
‘please sign’ 🐰: *circles*
💥 CLICK FULL VIDEO 💥••► 💥••► 💥••► …
We're kind of a package deal✨
I Miss You &amp; I Love You💜💗💞
▶︎ 170924 Really really reaction 4K FULL :    …
Y’all...when i say i’m weak asf😭😭
Questionable 😂. Do any politicians have a good heart?
Does anyone wanna be mutuals with me 🤷🏻‍♀️
RT: Church of the Good Shepherd for  for Kids from K - 6th grades! 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
I KNOW LOOK AT HIM EVERY TIME I SEE IT MY HEART JUST GOES ❤️💞💛💓💖💙💟💝💝❤️💜💜💘💛❣️💜💞🖤💝🖤❤️💘💙💘💙💝💝❤️💟💚💕❤️❤️❣️💛💚🧡💙❤️❤️💜💝💚💕❣️🖤
Mayday Parade got me in my feels🤧🤧
Can’t believe just got asked if she was a Mum ahahaha 😂😂😂
Morning😴
How to Pronounce Slut Bean ↺RT❤
WHIP MY HAIR!!! 👧👸
RT: Ignite child's imagination and challenge their minds with inspiring camps 🆒 🌞 🕰️
PLS  ✨BOOK ME✨ want more before my expires😕 14 day the 16th, 30 day Dec 2nd Dm for rates
Creativity is contagious 🙈
Lol. I am a Gooner 🤣😁 No lies there
Asked him for his number said he had a gf and drove off. Respect for this faithfulness. I'm still embarrassed 😂 https://t…
RT for a Follow/Dm! - Doing this for the next 48 hours!! LETS GO! ❤️
Happy baby 😊
23) BTS song 😄💜🌸🎵 LIE by Jimin
a living meme 😂
Do it for the culture 💕
If you fuck it up w/ jam, you feel pretty fucking shitty! 😻🔥
🐾 Say hi to  before it's too late!  She needs your help!  😍 https…
💯 - get it done arsenal
RT: Compton Village Homeowners for  for Kids from K - 6th grades! 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
ARMY 🔔 Please focus on voting strongly in the Best Fan Army category for the next 5 hours →
black 🖤
Look at Diddy trying to convince a Hov to take a shot. 💀💀💀😂
Oh my i miss you ten times more pumpkin 💖 i hope all is well
So my dog didn’t just make a move on my boyfriend? 🤨
when im out somewhere &amp; i get sleepy i start getting mad asf &amp; have the worst attitude until i get home in bed 😂
Big Dink’ happy birthday Big Homie🙌🏾💙
Google who is? - Jesus ❌ - Jesus Christ ❌ Google who is? - Allah ✅ - Budda ✅ - New Age ✅ - Brahman✅ …
I don't have tattoos (and don't want to have) but 😂
Thanks for going to see Mama G 🌹
This gif! ❤️
Good morning🌻
aye fr y’all go help my teammate out!!🤟🏼🏀
Lol you steady lying 😂
🏆 13th Annual SOOMPI AWARDS 🏆 is nominated in: ARTIST OF THE YEAR ALBUM OTY SONG OTY BEST MALE GROUP BEST COL…
Look at Diddy trying to convince a Hov to take a shot. 💀💀💀😂
I want to thank God first my mother and my high school coaches and I’m truly blessed to say I am committed to UAM 🙏🏾💯💪🏾💚
Happy Birthday Beauty😘😘😘😘 we love you so much💞 have a great one🎉
all right💞
You can have a hit song 🔥 or a dope Mixtape but if you dont know how to market it its usless ASF. Lets learn to market our sel…
a shoutout to Albert because he’s funny😂 and check his Twitter page and he’s YouTube and roblox page
♫♥FOLLOW♥♫ Publish works w/o big house pub hassles  Submit- …
This really all I be wanting in life. Ain’t nothing betta than getting groovy with ya boo to some 90’s hip hop 🤧…
DBZ Shirt almost sold out! Shop: … Free Shipping Worldwide 🌏
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 thank you
missing a beat from the start 🙂🙃🙂🙃🙂🙃
Hi Bill! We like for video editing. 😃 -Kevan
In honor of the upcoming Super Bowl, we are giving away a rare, custom Cook Out football jersey! ♨️🏈🔥 Follow &amp; RT for your ch…
🗣 ANKLES
I’m dying! 😂😂😂
second year w the most handsome date 🖤
Got Milf ? 🍼😊
🔥 ! XethaFaith CE 2.0 [128x] PC × &amp; PE × By Me [16.x 1.2.x iOS] Download: C…
Retweet in 5 seconds for some good luck 😋😁
IM PRETTY SURE EVERYONE FREAK OUT DURING THIS SCENE UGH JOYRENE GIVING THE GAYS WHAT THEY WANT!!! 🔥🔥🔥  …
MARK YOUR CALENDARS ‼️ FEB•2nd IT’S THE GRAND OPENING OF THE NEW ELITE SPOT TO PARTY ON A FRIDAY…
rt this to gain hoseok stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 😍
We know where we stand. We know how to keep distance so you dont have to worry😊
This is hilarious 😂😂😂
🆕. Firestorm🆕  Gives 🚨MAJOR Clue🚨 About "TICK TOCK" ⏰ Set To Drop TOMORROW …
Thank you hunny 😭❤️
Some scary shit going down in France 😨
Some scary shit going down in France 😨
You look stunning girl 😍😘
🌟 RT &amp; Follow for a chance of winning one of these stylish jackets! 🌟‼️🚨
Well......... that’s incorrect we’re 16-0 🤷🏼‍♂️
If you have to be constantly naked to be sexy, then maybe you're just not s...nvm. ☺
Vote for me and on Thursday for top 5 🔥🔥
You the 🐐 for this lmaoooooooo
It warms my heart when people call me beautiful 🧡
If my man got this for me for Valentine’s Day I would wear it for him all the time😉
She laying nda bed next to me too💦🤷🏾‍♂️✊🏾
s u n kissed. ⛅️☀️
Is it me or does Cynthia storyline with this man remind you of the same storyline that Kenya had with Walter 🤔
With love ❤️ .        …
PROFILE: Much as Ronaldinho has retired this nigga was too talented. You’re not  this.🔥🔥🤣 …
Tired of black people stealing...let's make this madala famous 🙄 retweet.....
This is how i’d react to playing this Game. 🙄🙄😤😤😤😤😤
GOOD~~~!🐰🐯
I been threw worse so Ima over come all this envy and disloyalty 🦅
Jack and Rebecca are the ideal couple. I wish Jack didn’t die!😢😢
"I don't want this feeling. Can't afford love. I try to find a reason to pull us apart" 🎶🎶
Check out what I'm selling on my shop 💸
😆 like you pathetic wannabes have any grasp or knowledge of facts. Here's your clue: You do not. You're…
We all miss you so much 😻😻😻💕💕💕❤️❤️💋💋💋💋
Follow everyone who LIKES this✅📚
Afternooooooon y'all, what's for lunch?? 👀 Decisions, Decisions. Lemme help you make one easy one today and drop this li…
📝 Musonda is ours.  have completed the signing of Charly Musonda from on an 18-month loan deal. Welcome…
And my tin go SKIDIDIDRAA 💦 PA 💦 PA 💦 PA 💦 PA 💦 PA 💦 skididCUMpa 💧 💦 💧 I’m sorry I tried to pull it out. But like a tiger…
❄️ Diamond Case  ❗️ CLICK ⛄️ Like + RT + Follow us ⛄️ Paste your profile URL 🏆Winner i…
🛑BREAKING🛑 Another one bites the dust👉🏼Rep Frelinghuysen is *yet another* House Republican committee chair who will not…
Not happy I can tell ya but I leave it unattended I get the hammer ☹️
THE TIDE - 5PM WEDNESDAY 🖤
this is kinda cute 😏😂
Congrats! 🎈
Tha cost?💶💶💶
EYELASH SHAWL TERMURAH?! 4 PCS RM 100 + FREEPOSTAGE LAGI! 🔥😍 Click link utk order …
$TRX just have 337 trillion trading volume even more than the circulation supply of  🤣 …
UR NEW SONG IS AMAJING! 😍
Should we try to sign Riyad Mahrez? Retweet for ✅ Like for ❌
1: Retweet this👍✅ 2: Like this👍✅ 3: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet👍✅ 4: Follow back all that follow you👍✅ 5: tweet "IFB"👍✅ 6…
Haha I'm not bored of malia! 😂
I'm cryin at the way kodak says 'delicioso' 😂😭
head coach Pat Shurmur's introductory press conference will begin in approx. 10 minutes! WATCH LIVE: 📱 Giants App 📱…
that’s my bestie !! 😍😍😍😍
No ma'am I wasn't finna get talked about 😭
1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1996 1998 1999 2000 RT if you see your birth year 😆
IM TRYNA GET BACK ON MY ART SHIT, TIRED OF SLACKING 😤
RECORD BREAKING*Weekend-😱 Driven by Mumbai-Supported by Delhi &amp; by NCR film doing WOW's with every passing day 👇 P…
Gettin this week started right👸🏻 style👸🏻my  to help put a smile on your face😁and keep your cocks h…
Look at Diddy trying to convince a Hov to take a shot. 💀💀💀😂
Fantastic, very nice 👊😘Hello Anne, I wish you a relaxed evening and later a good night. Sleep well with…
One of my favorite dbz scenes 🐐
👀 👅 It's Gaining Time Now 🔰Retweet This Tweet 🔰Like This Tweet 🔰Follow Everyone 🔰Follow Back Everyone 🔰Turn on notifica…
👀 👅 Follow everyone who likes &amp; retweets this to gain more followers!  🐸🦋🐤🦇
Dragging my country down the  drain against her will.. 😢
i'm home sick from school we on 💪 that mf 👏 grind 😫👌
and tickets are SOLD OUT. Thank you everyone for showing some love and buying tickets ✨✨
Since when was it ever kool to lie about where ur from??? 🤔
This is a Movie!! 🔥 ft   🌏🇬🇭  …
Cardi B went from Love &amp; Hip-Hop to the  in one year 🔥
Seeing God written with a lower case g proper irks me😭
If you love RT this to vote for them to win!    ✨
Awesomeness you are so lucky .....to hell with her ass 😁
Grenoble 💜
Last one (for today)! Haha Always pray the next day will be a better day😊
I’m never loving another guy again 😣I just used this shit and found out he been cheating on me with a bitch from his job…
So many Japanese companies sent their Congratulatory Flower for TWICE Showcase Live Tour in Tokyo 😇
I’m in the gym in my feelings 😂
🇺🇸 Military defeat of ISIS can be 'measured in weeks,' US general says! AMAZING what has happened in just 1 year under
reallyyy want a tan &amp; freckles 🧜🏽‍♀️☀️
I don't rmbr... My friend used to spam me with theirs songs (for 2 years 😅😂), but I didn't…
finn singing after noah said "can suck my..." 😂
But I'll never hold NOBODY down that cant hold me wen I'm at my lowest 💯 never again in life
Army-Navy. It’s so big since they renovated and I got lost 😂
LAST CHANCE TO ENTER - Draw TODAY : WIN £50 B&amp;Q Gift Voucher !! To enter... FOLLOW US... then either LIKE &amp; SHARE this or ♥…
Look at Diddy trying to convince a Hov to take a shot. 💀💀💀😂
either 'msunu wakho' or 'awe' depending on my mood 😅
👀 Checks list to make sure my name is not on it...
Vizergy® Enhances TargetingHub™ – A game changing platform that identifies target prospects based on your guest his…
He broke my heart but I still love him with the little broken pieces😖.
rts to vote for and follow everyone who rts this! [🗳]
three things we don't know about you ✨
Monday 🤑
Let it marinate maybe not yet maybe never,.lol👍🏾😂
🎤✨ WIN a behind the scenes visit to Radio 1's world famous Live Lounge! You'll get to meet and before w…
i’m literally crying laughing rn omfg.🤣
[ blackpinkofficial ]       🌜BANGKOK🌛
rip Ada L Williams 💙🙌🏽 rest easy beautiful soul.😩
Forgive the guy. Ke tlo go rekela lunch ke mo kgopelle tshwarelo 😂
🌮🌮TUESDAY JAN. 30th🌮🌮 TACO TUESDAY AT THE PI LAM HOUSE. Come join the brothers at 408 S. Michigan Ave. at 7:30 p.m.…
How you know it’s Monday 😄🙈
New set of dick grippers 💕
Where is FAHAD IS HERE!! 🇸🇦⚽
I still love you  💕🤼‍♀️
y’all the guy at t-mobile really hooked me up with the iphone 8 😂
I am a really proud  teacher today.  look at this future art teacher🤗🎨🤗
🤔 it’s supposed to snow here.
Be my valentine 💕💕
Another magical show by the magic never ends 💙 Thank you for the wonderful work you do for our children,…
Please share with me motivational and spiritual on mzamashazi just two pleeeaasse🙏🙏🙏
THE MV IS AWESOME GUYS I LOVED EVERYTHING, YOU DID A GREAT JOB 💜🔥✨
selling 1 month netflix prem (new acc) for 30 pesos only! mop: smart load, paypal. hmu 🤗💛
Wow 😮 what a joke??? Why they are concerned 😧 about only one community. If want to do something good think ab…
🌎 Worldwide Album Sales: Katy Perry — “Witness” This week: 6,000 Total: 920,000
Praying that the gym offers me a job 😂 I can’t work retail anymore
L.A. ✈️✈️✈️ Motor City
why am i so cool 😡😡😡
FINALLY FINISHED THIS RESEARCH PAPER. 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
🌙 。ABOUT
watching the Starwars ‘The Toys that made Us’ and oh my days - what a trip down memory lane 😍 (my parents must have spent a fortune! 😳)
Top 7 High-Paying Jobs That Don’t Require A College Degree 💸💸💸 …
.....AND LIKE US!!😊👍
I can finally say my godbaby will be here soon 😩💛👶🏽
In need of some money? 🤔 Hit me up now to find out how you can make $3,000 today 💸💳 No need to hmu if you aren’t liv…
The whole fandom right now😂
❄🍓    Taehyung with bandana Part II. He's actually been slaying with this look since 2015 👏❤🔥…
My shifts are lush this week😊
Mood for the next few months 😌
Too coldddd❄️
Congratulations for  🎉🎉
Aww  🎮 amazing game 💜👏
Y’all I spend way too much money working at a grocery store 😭
🐯 Shadow Daggers | Tiger Tooth Giveaway * Winner in 24 hours! …
❄️| A fantastic effort from our volunteers who worked until almost 10pm to get the pitch cleared and covered for tomorrow…
First thing I see when I get on here. You always hungry 😭
Wall to Wall comes on in the car and I swear I’m Chris Brown 😂
It's  🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿   go to the propagandist promoting  Instead of th…
Wow! 10,000 followers on ✨ Thank you so much for all of your support. 2017 was a very exciting year in my…
9/11 Truth coming  Warriors!!! Yesterday, Trump and Pence wore matching RED ties to [P]entagon RED RED ‼️ Now look at da…
“Momma I’m trynna cook for you”😂😩
Quavo &amp; Travis Scott performing 'Modern Slavery'...💎❄️
I either like being dressed &amp; dolled to the nines OR in tracksuit with no makeup hate anything in between 😖
“Momma I’m trynna cook for you”😂😩
[UPDATE CHARA] 💕
MONSTA X schedule update 21/1 - the 2nd FanCon 22/1 - ISAC recording Bowling 25/1 - 2018 Seoul Music Awards 26/1 - 🐺 I.M…
Thanks buddy love ya ❤️
🇲🇾WEEKEND CLEARANCE🇲🇾 RM49 ONLY‼️ *untuk 20 unit pertama ☎ grab now :  https…
its not his7ory its HIS10RY they deserved it❤️
ARMY 🗣️ So far have received fewer votes than  for    in the last day. Please…
Staying SUCKA FREE ❕💯
Trending  in the US and this is a UK interview 😏 Everything does now always get attention from the States!…
-Tanabata scene- Staff: Is it your 1st time? 🐻: Yes~ wow~ *Found food* 🐻: Can I taste it? It looks good! Staff: It’s good! 🐻…
💥💥💥BREAKING: Must Watch Video with Rep Matt Gaetz on  abuse intel memo “The allegations contained in this impor…
Now that’s a upskirt 🤤
The amount of things I had to do to get to this album... but i’m so glad I did  💜💜💜💜💜💜
When y’all finally link up in 2018 ✨
Love you  Love you  Thank you with all my ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
CUTIE 💗💗💗💗💗💗 GUANLIN’S GIRLFRIEND WIFE LOVE OF HIS LIFE
Charmander 💯 🇺🇸CP771 L35 ♂ [Scratch/Flame Burst] 33.750253,-84.709799
⛅W Lvrmr: ♂Larvitar 95.6% (15/14/14) 589CP L23 Bite/Stomp until 10:51:24pm (22m 47s)
DC Uber Drivers Don’t Give Af😂
😱😱😱 this is so cute omg
Y'all think I'm doing some now🤔 I ain't really did shit..YET😅
These women😂😂 Rough trans Soonkyu to Hyoyeon: "Hyoyeoni rather than English (I think) (you) should learn Korean first" 😂…
Why is it always white super religious trump supporting straight boys 🙄
Happy g day broski🖤
😂😂😂 thank you
That’s it I’m a write you song and I’m put effort into it so those sacred tears come thru 💯💯😤😤
GO ✖✖ ❤❤❤❤ NOW ONLINE:➡ haylee_love ENTER➡ ❤❤❤❤ FOLLOW➡ ⭐
Life is like a balloon.. If you never let go, you'll never know how high you can rise. 🎈👆🏾☁️
2nd batch for today. Congratulations 🇵🇭
Working on websites all day 🤑
If you take the time to care, you might save a life 🙏
🎇 Follow &amp; RT for a chance to  a £20 One4all Gift Card! (Closes 26.1.18)
26 years ago, Juice was released in theatres ✊🏽
Yummy Was The First Word That Came Out When I Saw This Payasam 😋😋
Free Friday 😎 20 7-3🔥 +5.43U💰 This year: 85-62🔥 +17.49U💰 http…
171225 SBS✨☄️ I can heard the Jin's voice when I saw this photo everytime.
⏬ watch ⏬
jin "meeting" one of his stans DSJHDSJ © _jinnarrr
Oh that helmet 😂😂😂😂😂
❤❤💙❤❤❤💙❤❤💑💑The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the he…
🔥 OPEN UP 😑 THE.THE.THE 💜 FANTASY 🌈 TRUE COLORS
Glad It's The Weekend 🤘🏼
Exactlyyyy💯💯💯
Wey bestie this ? Hanger ❗️
Really want a tat this year 🤔
Sound advice ✊🏿
Too be CLEAR , sex dolls are stupid but on the flipside...whats the difference between sex dolls &amp; dildos????? 👀
Excited to finally launch the all new Under The Floodlights podcast with and ⚽️🏈🏏⛳️🥊🎾🏸🏀…
Haven't forgotten Stew, but Bruschetta Girl is in a league of her own. Proceed at your own peril. Have fun! 😂😂😂
PADDYPOWER 10 FREE SPINS ON DAILY JACKPOT SLOTS 🎰 + DEPOSIT &amp; BET £10 GET £30 BONUS New Customers,T&amp;C's apply,18+ J…
AND sis in a cemetery to really let us know that shit dead 💀😭😭
Privileged now, bet you didn’t think so at the time 😂
don’t feel bad I’m LIVING for these pics 😍😍
Guys help!!! I have N6 in public management so I am looking for an internship, please help me to find an internship 😕…
Small thing. Me that I chew water and swallow sugar cane nko? 🌚
He's such a Gem of a person ❤️ Respect towards him increasing more
It’s perfect. Thank you! 💜
Ohhhhhh shit now.... 😂😂😂😂 Get em Ja
This is absolutely filthy from Kenedy 😱🔥
Le boss 4/5 😊
😔Cantik ayat ni "Allah can remove someone u've never dreamed of losing. Allah can also replace them with someone u nev…
Beautiful makeup ❤️❤️thank you
👊🏾💯 An overdue hiring.
Random Question👇 Do you think  Ji will be able to locate  if he's given a Map?
Thought that’s what you meant lmao 😂
Happy  😘 Thanks for loving my baby. We love you back.
Imagine Instagram with only dirty photos😳 well it's here and it's free!😈 👉🔥 …
Take it back.😤
Lifes changed drastically over the year, only going up💯
Don’t worry the senators are still getting paid I know we where all worked abkuf that 😡😡
Keep things between you and God 💯
🌟BTS!🌟 🌟방탄소년단!🌟    💜Remember to also include BTS MASS TWEET in your tweets!💜
However dressed you look 😊 you need to wear a perfume .... Feel Extraordinary .. gat you
You can tell me whatever you want , but I won’t believe the shit until you prove it🤷🏾‍♀️ I’m not good with disappointments .
Sam Smith kind of day 🎶
is it possible for you to get a bladder infection long enough to leak 💦 the FISA Memo? America is asking.…
I can't stop smiling! I love this scene, very simple but it made my heart flutter 💕
Made a hot sex tape (unplanned) happened to be recording after I shot a solo video. Dm me about it 😘
Hit my DMs now if you want that Christmas money 😏💰🙌🏻 Make $3,000-$5,000 almost immediately‼️ No money needed to get started…
I would love to have this hair color ❤️🔥
▪️ Bergkamp destroying Chelsea's defence ▪️ Winterburn with a corker Enjoy this  fans? …
🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 keep us posted
Getting up early was hard butttt my OT is doneeeeeee 😩😅😌
I could just kiss all over him frl 😻🤤
cardio sucks 🍆
Look how cute they are. ☺️ PIED PIPER
someone said "quiero que nos casemos" (i want us to get married) and junhong read it out loud 😆
Me &amp; had some insane games today. Just watch this rocket ride ender! 🐰Twitch: 📺Y…
Would like to see you both together in something soon 😃
getting off at four o’clock today 😊
Rt to if you purple make sure to follow whoever rt this and followback too🔥🔥 [PIED PIPER]
Can’t wait till exams are over my head is so fried 🤦🏽‍♀️
The Mountain is not out right now. ☁  So we are going to start a new thing for our community...…
Champion 🏆
This 👏 will 👏 kill 👏 trans 👏 people. It will mean that we can be turned away from clinics even if we are severely injured…
This is just a friendly reminder to get SUPER excited for tonight’s games! 🏒🥅 starts at 8:15 against and…
➖ what did the grape do when he got stepped on? 🍇
I just said to Duwwel, Stefaans, I think he is high hehehe🤪🤣
when I was a kid, I didn’t even notice how extra he was. Now?? I’m cracking up 😭😭😭
Ninetales♀ Fire Spin/Overheat (IV: 58% - CP: 910 - L: 16) until 07:50:50pm
Got into the wrong car at Kwik Shop Emmerae for the W 🙂
3️⃣✖️3️⃣ | Check out our latest 3x3 which features &amp; on   s…
😹😹 yo coolin is wildn but not at the same time
It was worth a shot bro😂
congrats! you earn 1 point. Thanks for participating! Please anticipate the remaining questions❤️
When Beyoncé adopts a dog 🙌🏾
👑 Bea slaying it again
my mom and i just made the cutest snowperson!☃️💕
Psst hey just a reminder but I👏LOVE👏MY👏FRIENDS👏
the video was too long...but I had to post it. 😂
Niggas will have a whole bitch and STILL be mad at you for doing you 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Noppadon ‘s Choices Award goes to...  !!! เจริญพร 🙏🏻
herb bm is literally me in a relationship😭
One thing at a time... 🙂
LET THE HOMELESS GO FIRST 🗣
I could say the same about your pinned Tweet but I always RT it whenever I see😤😤.
Least we could have done is send him somewhere he wanted to go to 😭
Star Wars ✖️ The Process
PIED PIPER lyrics: 📖📔📓👼📚🚫❌✏📵📝📐✂🔇📱👶💌🎀📴📔👶🍼💘❤️💗✖ PIED PIPER CHOREOGRAPHY: 💣🚫🔫🔞💢👅🔞🌋‼️❌🔞🔫🚫👅🍫✖️🔪💥‼️🔥💣🔫🍫🚨💢🔥‼️🔞
ICYMI - My op-ed with in the ⤵️
It looks so Great and Beautiful 🌻☀️ Thank you for the hard work and effort on creating n compiling 💛😘
..and now she's an international beauty influencer of an international make-up brand ❤️ God is good! Sabi nga niya, onc…
I CAN ‘T breathe OMG ASHLEY! 😭😭😭😭😂
1: Retweet this✅🎷 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet✅🎷 3: Follow back all that follow you✅🎷 4: Gain with  🔥
I’ve finally forgiven her for that dog show she put on 🙏🏾
Dick me down daddy 😈 — You’re not anonymous to God
She's a true Shero!!! 🙏💪🇺🇸
Oh man 👀👀
🤖👀👾🗣👁🤥🤕 just a lil better at faking it than me babyyyy🤫😘
Such great opportunities for our students in the Student Experience Framework!👏
Yeahhh... don't think 2 much...😜😎
Can't get Myles Kennedy tickets. 😢Instant sell out. Then get quoted £149 on a secondary site. You know what you can do with that.
K A I S T A L ❤ — is dead
VER VIDEO 👇👇😱 😱 😻 😍 😍
is it a ever storm, or high storm?🙂
[ SMA Vote, 8:15AM] ⬆️🔥 🚨Main Prize:  [-3.61%] ↑ 🚨K-wave Popular:  [-0.53%] ↑ [ GAON Vote] 🚨Popular…
Raise your hand if you love Friday! 🙋🏼‍♀️🙋🏼‍♀️🙋🏼‍♀️🙋🏼‍♀️ Make it even more enjoyable by becoming a part of our rewa…
Welcome to Canada's Team, 💪
My mama won’t let me wear shorts 😕
Ice Cream Cones 🍦
won best worldwide influencer, congrats boys!💚
Diamonds ain't nothing when I'm rockin wit ya❤️
🔥🔥Exclusive new content here🔥🔥 ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️ ⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️
Just chilling 🦋
😂😂😂😂 THATS RIGHT!!! I ACTUALLY DONT CARE AND I NEVER COUNT HOW MANY I RT OR TWT LOLLLLLLL LETS JUST KEEP VOTING AND RT-ING…
That one night ya tweet is fire 😂😂😂😂
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯‼️ trillfam_juice Droppin Tonite🎥🎞  @ Tampa,…
Why these things happen to me? 😩
Just found out Countdown went in at  on Japanese Album Chart! 🇯🇵Produced ‘Lightsaber’ on there…
CLICK HERE ▶️▶️ ◀️◀️ Guasti  ontario. Pic of  Free ebony sex video
yung Practical Research 2 😂💔
I want my 50$ dubz 😂🗣
🔱Having no limitation as limitation -Bruce…
Baekhyun's reaction when Jongin touched the spider toy 😆
Hurt can’t describe how I’m feeling right now 😒🤧😣
go follow this bb, she turned my hair pink and also runs a beauty youtube! 💜
Wow wow wow 😂😂😂😂
Congratulations!!!❤❤👑👑🎉🎉🎉
Before you beat his hole, you've gotta eat it. RT if you wanna get ate next 👅
With Hazard leaving everybody is going to piss on us 🙆🏽
I’ll beat everyone to it. This should sum it up. 😂. Sorry sir!
EXO-LS THEY ARE CATCHING UP WE CANNOT LOSE PLEASE START GIVING YOUR HEARTS TO EXO NOW 🗣🗣🗣
Is it wrong I told my wife this is what I wanted for Valentine’s Day? As well as 6 uninterrupted hours. 😉
pet peeve?? When people next to you at the gym are talking on the phone while using the machines...🙄
For the love of banoffee’s 🍌 This recipe is literally one of the easiest and yummiest. No fancy ingredients needed…
LOLOL. I’m. So. Annoyed. 🙃
And WV will give a huge hug of a welcome🤗
Wahoo! 🙌🏻 Go New Mexico!
i CANNOT unhear Yeri's part as "sick hands sliding down" hahaha at first i really thought these were the lyrics 😂 https://t.…
Just thinking about you makes me smile 😊
Saturday night pics 😝
The  🎨 Night Windows, 1928 “If you could say it in words, there would be no reason to paint.” 👨‍🎨 Edward Hop…
L❤VE IS......
So annoyed 😒
🚨Guess who’s coming to Chicago 🚨😈👅💦 🍆😘😏👀🍑 (Feb 3-5) Doing private meet &amp; greets Book a meeting now thru Email/Dm Jlongx…
Magmar♂ Karate Chop/Flamethrower (IV: 58% - CP: 604 - L: 10) until 10:31:10pm
he looks so fine 💞
I’m that girl that will have a natural mean mug and be cool as shit and goofy once you get to know me. 💁🏾‍♀️☺️
[INSTAGRAM STORY VIDEO] xolovestephi: coming soon 👔💙
How about this full moon 🌕👀✨
Every time I see girls with their father makes me so emotional 😞
Hearts awesome 💜😉
"I'll fight together with my Pokemon. This isn't just pretty words, I mean what I'm saying!" 🐧PTOC 🐧Manga based 🐧Inform…
someone show me off i’m cute sometimes😤
EXOGlobal: Been Through [8D] ~ Grab your headphones and enjoy 😆    weareoneEXO
A new career high! 3️⃣6️⃣ points.
☑️ Young ☑️ Woman ☑️ Displaced ☑️ Entrepreneur Meet Mery, a 25yr old business owner in Algeria giving Sahrawi girls hope. ht…
Her husband passed away and the photographer recreated the vision of the dad being there, this made me cry 😔😭❤️ https://…
☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️I Know I’m The Bessssttttt ♥️
I don't need nothing else but you 😌🎶
Straight Up 💯💯
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this📌✅
Glowy💡
I’m back and I’m better 👼🏼
171203 BIGBANG LAST DANCE IN NAGOYA -  HQ-2p fantastic baby 💕💕
We've always wanted to go there but have a few❓❓Can you help us out please by answering a few safety que…
🔥100 GAW🔥 ⚚3xVone Marcel Client 🈺3x 300 Pandora Alts ☯3x Original Divus Client 🌈3x 30 Alt Liste unch. 💎3x 100 Sporti…
follow everyone who retweets &amp; likes this🍹`%::
Go to sleep watching porn, wake up watching porn. Total blissss 😊
💙: Appreciate those who don’t give up on you.
[020118] This is the day 'God Jihyo' was born! 😇 Happy Birthday to our precious Leader Park Jihyo! 🎉 We wish you a good hea…
Lost 7lbs in 2 weeks! Woot! Woot! Gotta keep this up! 💪 Joining the biggest loser contest at work sure has me motivated.
is trending in Korea!! It means a lot since it is a voluntary movement!! 👏👏👏👏👏👏
Starting to worry me! The good thing, though, is there are cakes and cookies on the cooling rock... or rack.... I prefer rack 🍪🍪🍪
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this✅👾
Happy Wednesday 💋
Chris Craighead Chiquita Mcghee 😂😂😂😂😂
Gifs BEST OF ME por Dispatch💕 PARK JIMIN, DON'T KILL ME WITH THIS, PLEASE😶♥🔥
idk why this makes me laugh my boyfriend knows my dramatic ass 😂
i be like "i'll see" whole time im not going and that’s facts🤣
Julia barretto and Joshua Garcia 😚😨
“Thinking about sexy shit till you fall asleep 🙃
Y’all know what tomorrow is.... 👀
🆘 CRITICAL 💔 SENIOR ALERT 😭  🐶 Rocks 15yo male not yet HW tested-owner surrendered 😡 this baby is a…
Back😏
Please retweet and share with your friends &amp; Don't miss the moments okay 🌘🌗🌖🌕
i keep it 💯, ion do no cappin'
When you’re shy asf to shoot your shot but you got that crazy friend that encourages you to shoot it 😂 …
I repeat👇👇 💎💎💎Best Boyband is literally safe and stable right now...💎💎💎 ⚠Best Fan Army is NOT SAFE⚠ 🌟Can all ARMYs c…
Di pa tapos YE-close! May month-end close agad 😭😭😭 investments, joint ventures, consolidations.. etc! 😑😑😑
Her figure is A1, her waist is goals 👌🏾😭🔥
If only I had known was going to be in m/hall I would have Defo had an excuse to go shopping 😅😅😘 …
Just to prove I'm not really shy 🦄
Bayonet Tiger Tooth Giveaway! ✅ Follow ✅ Like 10 of Tweets ✅ Retweet &amp; Tag 3 Friends Ends at 500 Ret…
📍Resistance From Dems Illustrates Digression Of A Bitter &amp; Divisive Party This divisiveness can be attributed to one key…
In need of some money? 🤔 Hit me up now to find out how you can make $3,000 today 💸💳 No need to hmu if you aren’t liv…
to all new armys, here‘s just a few advices: — love bts EQUALLY — participate in votings — racist, homophobic = 🚫 — don…
Love is such a beautiful thing 😍😍😍
Feeling like a 👸🏻💄😻😎 with my first
Victoria Rd W8 to Noble St EC2! This city has had it as a place of commerce! Totally &amp; utterly ruined! I despair! 😢
Do you ever wonder where I get motivation to vote constantly throughout the day?👀 It's BTS (obviously) and also you guy…
New York City on some extra shit 😂
Dami why u sitting closer to Colin rather than Jon 😭😭
Mans just pulled out a bird from his jacket 😂😂
Retweet for my top-graded  play tonight 🏀🏀🔥 I’ll DM retweeters the play this afternoon.  Wizards +…
yep, this turtle dabbed 🐢🔥
Fluffy Teddy 😍 The inspiration behind the Kitten!
Loving him was red, burning red ❤️
That 10 minute break for Crooked to empty her catheter would’ve been especially awkward 😬
😘   P…
Tell me just what you spent .. nigga i spent some more 🤑
Naw I am crying 😭😭😭😭
Have the found their championship quarterback in Alex Smith? 🤔
This comp is mine 😴🥇🏆
ST DESE ⚠️ Put  in your Twitter profile bio 📌 Enter our pinned giveaway 📲 Mu…
When ur drunk and have ramen 🤷🏻‍♀️
It's freezing at Old Trafford. -15 😱😱😨
CJ McCollum dropped 28 points in the 1st quarter, the most in any quarter in Trail Blazers history 🔥 …
My man has ice in his veins with this game winner 😂
MAKE. THIS. BREAK. TWITTER. 🔥🔥 RT if you AGREE that Congressmen should pay back the public money spent to settle sexu…
I️ don’t have your number 😭 but I️ think you know who this is 🙈 — Dm me then lol bc I’m sorry idk who this is 😕
It be yo own dukes 🤦🏽‍♂️
helll yeahhh 😂😂😂
📲 TOP 20 best american sports teams ranked by total interactions on  during december 2017. 1. 2.
Duck &amp; Chips 😉
Cheeky Spanish cunts ain't even offering half time mars bars, coming back home ⚽🙌
Wow, Amazing! CTRX_LOVEE 😘🍌 is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Young Penny Hardaway😎
Can I get 8 more followers by tomorrow?! 🎉💕🤔. Really wanting to hit the 500 milestone. X
We won't fall out abt shit especially not bout no hoe🤝
🚑  🚑  Physician: Primary Care Job in CA, Physician who speaks Cantonese or Mandarin: A new internal med…
😲 They're coming... The best Cyclo-Cross riders on the planet are coming to for the 2018 World Champi…
I got locked twice 👀
I be wanting to ft I’m on lunch breaks 😐
I rlly need to get my class periods changed frfr! 🤦🏾‍♂️
Can't wait to see you again in Crewe on Saturday ❤❤❤❤❤xx
So afraid to eat KFC after the pictures and videos I've been seeing. 😩
Back at the Vines tomorrow against Winthrop! We need you Flames Nation!
Close up 😍
Everything I feel about this whole situation.❤ Though its Cvs' take at the end and neela will surely be missed, AvN…
Went to the old Fb account and theeeere I saw na halos every year jud diay ko naga status something na "March na" on Feb 1st 😂 Lol
Happy Birthday lil baby ❤
🔽Date with Me at ⬇ 😍💖💞💯 porn Big sex Tiff xxx arrested Press nsfw Off video pov Him
love her makeup looks. shan’s my favorite 😊
I looove them❤️
This is the future. 🤦🏼‍♂️
you remember the rendezvous for form 5??😂🔥🔥
What’s your flavor this week? 😋
Zendaya snapped 😍
Yay! Sheep's appa deserve it~ Congratulations Lay🎉🎉 for winning Producer of the Year at Fashion Power Chart Awards
U can still vote for me for a little while longer 💕💕 You can also vote for New Rules to win Best British Video by tweeting
giveaway! 🌼🧣 Today you can win this lovely scarf 🌼🧣 To enter RT &amp; comment on this post with the word…
is 🔥🔥 Bashment and other genres
👑 M4A4 Radiation Hazard Factory New ($180) GIVEAWAY! 🔺 Retweet and Follow! 🔺 Tag a Friend! ⏰ Winner will be drawn in 2…
Thanks 😊
⚡️ “Mentor Cards Hockey - Keep voting by 11:59 PM, Jan 31”
Some people gonna hate some people gonna support either way ima Grind 💪🏾
AWAKE is one of the most heartfeelt songs I have ever heard, thank you Jin. ❤️
inlove with the game😘⚾️...💍
⚡If you agree please RT⚡ Great speech Mr President MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN  …
Outfit of the day.👌
Girl 😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😂😭😂 you are outta pocket. I know whoever feelings is HURT 😂😂🤣🤣🤣
I CAN'T BREATH HE FUCKING FOLLOWED ME.. I THINK I'M DIEING....THANKS SO MUCH I LOVE YOU😚😚😚😊😚 …
My Nigga Stay Wit The 🔥🔥Shit🗣
You know when your sad and everyone keeps telling you not to be sad and your just like shut up and let me be sad for a minute ✋🏼
🔥TRUTH🔥 Pompeo met with his Russian handler, SANCTIONED SVR Naryshkin, whose job is to place spies within US &amp; UK Govt…
starts tomorrow!! Be on the look out for the website tomorrow 🙌🏾
IDC What NoBody Say, I'm Gettin Ah Ice Tray 😂😁😁
HE CHANGED HIS FACIAL EXPRESSION IN 0.0001 SEC . 😭😏 🆘🆘🆘
🎩Ladies &amp; Gents The having their 9th Annual Celebrity Celebration Bash Smoke Jacket Event On Feb 9th at…
Romance😍 or Madness 😢? White people do too much 😢😂😁
CSGO Giveaway! 🎁 💜 M4A1-S | Decimator 💜 • Retweet + Like • Follow • Tag one friend Winner announced in 72 hours! ⏰
DONE DEAL: Islam Slimani signs for Newcastle United on loan from Leicester City 🇩🇿
All focus on   📷:
Thought you were great in this show! 🤗 keep it up....
how can someone look sooo good in yellow! 😍💛🌻
|  are delighted to announce the loan signing of Jamie Ward from 👉 …
The work you are doing to free innocent men who are wrongly incarcerated is incredible!! GOD BLESS 🙏🏾💥👊🏽
So over 11 seasons net spend has been £4.5m a season. Throw in the TV money and ever present gate money....🤔 One hou…
Your video came out in the right time for me, 😊 thank a lot for your excellent job 🖤
God give us a lil sun and you niggas shooting shit up huh?🤦🏽‍♂️😂
If you want your account to look like this just hit my DMs now 🤗💸 No money needed to get started 🎉📩 …
It takes me hours to find villages for this kind of robbery. excellent pairing in glasses continue like this 😠
Colorful sunrise near Mount Hood, Oregon, USA | Photography by ©Robin Booth
Am I that forgettable? I ran into a colleague whom I’ve had many conversations with and I could totally tell he did not remember me 😐😑
He brings the puppy out of the old doggo 😍
Thank you Skip, for your positive vibes you send out every dsy😉
You look like you eat buttons off the remote 😂💀
Last day of bakasyon today 😣
🙄🙄🙄 whatevaaaaaaaaa
Leave Side Niggas &amp; Side Bitches In 2017 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
Lmfaoo 😂😂
Hell yeah 😍
grad year part 2 👩🏻‍🎓💉
I wish Starbucks delivered 😪
If you followed me on snap, you’d know I do more than “a” Ab workout every workout 😩🤦🏾‍♀️😂 s…
This is so great!! ❤️
18-19 year olds are worried about entrance exams,Jobs,passing the semester,and these 14-15 year olds start dating 😕
True story 😂
rt if u love jung hoseok , follow whoever rts 💜
Oh my god, it's excellent ⛓☠
Meeeeee!! I can't wait!! 🙋‍♀️❤
wow. I'm a Virgo 😐😐😐😐😐😐😐
The year of da bird 🦅
Tell me I’m your slut 🍒
GDRAGON x HANBIN taking a selca together tonight at the club!!   ©kwonyeye via:
🔥GIVEAWAY🔥 - $1.00 ✔️ FOLLOW 👉 👉 ✔️ RETWEET + LIKE - 1 WINNER 🏁 ENDS AT 25 RTS
WedsBae ©Oh_no_its_gianni
I want a cheeseburger 🍔
We love u ❤️. We stand with u
✔️"Fazeghost393 Hi there. Sorry to hear that. Please check your DM's for further instructions."
choose one and rt for good luck ❤️
Wow it's officially 4 years ndincuma nalo sisi 😍😍😍 shout out to for hosting us on that NYE host that led to me fi…
Good morning...☀️
I walk out to the pond that froze over last night to see a duck frantically trying to get out. Here’s the rescue vid 😂😂 ht…
gain namjoon stan by retweeting this. 💙
Me coming into 2018 the same psycho petty bitch I was last year 🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️
May 2018 be a lovely one🎈
I’m so comfy🙌🏽
😳😳😍I love TheChepo EXTENDED CHRISTMAS SALE! ENTIRE STORE IS $0.00 AND YOU JUST PAY SHIPPING! *UNLIMITED ITEMS at checko…
Photographer Compares The Pixel 2's Camera To A $20,000 Camera via -
OH 🐛 🐛 WORM
Open 🅱🅾 ↪ ↪ Avail 🔸SURABAYA Include Must DP Open Member 🔸Camsex Info RR 📩WA 082131055452 https:/…
Popped up a whole month later and still looking good asf 😫😫😩
Genres of Top Grossing movies in India : 👉 Dangal (Sports Drama) 👉 PK (Fantasy Drama) 👉 Bajrangi Bhaijaan (Social Drama)…
📷 pr0jectneedlemouse: “Club Sega during the Snow” is a top-tier aesthetic, I think.
Happy New Year angels ❤️🦋🕊
25 days until  💙☔️
I never tried to take anyone else's spot....... I created my own 👌
Money moveeeeeeess 😛😛😛😛
😳😳A-Author-nim? *두근두근* I mean, of COURSE I'd love to see it! You're certainly "worthy" silly! I'm honore…
❣≥ LUV BETSEY Crossbody pink/black LBEMILY HANDBAG PURSE &amp; ROSE HEART KEY CHAIN
IT's son during his post-game interview 😂 (via
HAPPY NEW YEAR 2018 (AGAIN)! ✨👌⭐️🎉⭐️|
Best tweet of the day Ben! 😂
I just remember logging in to blaze stream and hearing you say “hold up let me grab another mimosa😂😂😂
My big brother everybody 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Just done some new   and  ➡️⬅️
✔Check out ALL my gifs of Lacey Banghard! ↪ ↩
YES HELLO HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! I hope you have a really great day ♥️
kenna james ,would be the perfect spokeswoman for the stl cardinals!!!!!👍👏🙏😍
Thank you very much Benny! 😀🌶️🌶️
That means a lot ❤️
Slight miscalculation was made 😂
Someone sent me this one. It made me laugh 😂 so sharing for some lulz
mine too ☺☺☺ this day started with a lot of dramas but they know how to make us laugh and erase all…
IT getting introduced in his Cavs debut tonight like ... 😂.
adkskskak I just realized that the drawing smthng on yoongi’s heart on his butt was a bandaid 🤓 loollss minsan tala…
Sometimes i think half asleep text are worse then drunk text 😂
Which type of zone is this? My crush gave me her Bf's number that I should call and tell him to come online 😥😪
38% 𝓞𝓯𝓯 AndAlso Wired Remote Control Excavator Truck Toy  ❤  ❤
25K Tweets dedicated to Ms. &amp; Mr. .. A lot is learnt from you two..Ek Dil h ❤ Ek Dimag😎 I'll try to…
Our offices are open again after the festive break, get in touch if you are looking for a change in career. 👉 …
Refresh your vlive cause the subs are out!! Bye I'm gonna watch it again 😄😄😄
Lmfao this is why they don’t let y’all give y’all testimonies 🗣🗣🗣
one step at a time 👣
Hurray! Our official TG chat has 10 000 members! 😎
ALDUBPaRin Sa2018 😘
A real bromance lasts a lifetime ❤️
logan paul gotta go 👋🏼
Didn't realize arsenal were 6 points of the top 4 jheeze🙆🏽‍♂️
Follow everyone who likes this🐠
Feel like I’m always settling for less when i could have so much more 🤔
Hope 2018 is treating you all right so far ✌🏼
Daily Giveaway RT + follow to enter! We'll be giving away 3x10USD GL&amp;HF ❤
People like this make me so mad 😠😠
Woah Queen👑
new year, new show calendar 😎
Decide what you want and don’t stop til it’s yours 👊🏽
Never again! 😂😂
Ash would have an appointment on the coldest day 🤦🏻‍♀️
am feelin soooooo attaqued rn 😳😳
Daughter's Special Gift to Her Father 💓💓💓 Lucky Dad ❤  ✌✌✌
Federer: "If you are sick, you know where to come" 😂😂 Doctor
EXO -Ls Always with youu oppa 💕
TSK is now charted in Krishna Cineplex and Dev Cineplex, Pattambi 👌
I can see being the girl taking the pic 💀
Bible and chill. they so different 😍
RT if UCF is 13-0 &amp; the UNDEFEATED champions of college football ⚔️ HIGHLIGHTS from our 34-27 W over No. 7…
is already trending 😂 yoongi right now:
What a beautiful scene!💙💜
"This party is for geeks only."  🤓
i hope you have a good day ♥️
Not being able to sleep when you know you’re up early👌🏻
Woke up to the heat in my house broken &amp; it was 37 inside. Summer can you come back now ? 🙃🙃
Can you reshoot a shot that you already made? 🤔
Y’all... my man built me a floating bed. How can I️ not marry him ❤️ Omg😩😩
RIP FISH 😂
Let's see 😂
Another goodbye already! 👋🏿😭❤️ Till next time sis...
171230 💐 The Bling Magazine Instagram Update
Victory is ours! Use  Facebook Stickers in honor of our upcoming 300th episode. 🙌 htt…
This weather is so disrespectful 😩😩
▶ 🚨 WANT TO GAIN 200 ➕NEW FOLLOWERS NOW ? JUST ⬇️⬇️ 🔥FOLLOW ME 👻 LIKE &amp; RETWEET THIS 🔥FOLLOW ALL WHO…
THE SYRIAN. Read an excerpt from the book. ➡
On God Foolie💯💯💯
She likes to sing with her mom 🎶
Better say that shit 🙌🏾💯
"By the strength of Ali", Katrina Kaif invoking an age-old Shiite war-cry in the movie  😍😍 Strangely, Kat beco…
✔️FUT Champions Monthly Rewards ✔️Best XI ✔️ ✔️ ✔️ ✔️ ✔️ ✔️…
please get a lot of rest 💝
day6 names 😗
yes. also, don’t forget to line her box with pee pads. 😊
Happy new year to all!💕 sharing to you their happiness 😊   01.01.18
THIS $9 SALE ENDS AT MIDNIGHT 😭 GO SPOIL YOURSELF LADIES 😏
Baekhyun's Instagram Post Got 400,000+ Comments! Please Go To His IG &amp; Comment Something Positive For Him ❤
Trick 🙄🖕🏽
1: Retweet this🍟✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🍟✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🍟✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
What else can I say, God gave me all I needed. Happy Anniversary Honey. I love you 😍 😍😍😍 💯…
❤️🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸RETWEET if YOU ARE as HAPPY as I AM to FINALLY SEE a BIG PAIR of "HUEVOS" in the WHITE HOUSE !! 🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸❤️ WOOO…
We found her, and her name is Keilah 🍇
Yeah I know I am a F beast ☠️☠️☠️☠️🦍♠️♠️♠️ @ LA Fitness - DORAL
I love driving cars g specially fast cars 🤤‼️
Sunmi drops teaser for her new single "Heroine"~ 😱 Can't wait to see what our Queen has in store https://t.…
AWP Hyper Beast Giveaway To Enter: 1. Follow 2. Retweet 3. Tag 2 friends! Ends in 24 hours 🔥🔥
NE SJ: ♀Lapras 93.3% (15/15/12) 2145CP L29 Frost Breath/Blizzard until 01:59:49am (9m 23s)
Copy cat. 🐈
hey baek you don't have to apologize.that ws definitely not your fault😟😟😟 i just hate those antis.baek is depressed now.are yo…
My two biases 😍💚
Greetings from Ongol Ilaya Primary School, Dumarao, Capiz. 📸Ronna Habulan
Free my brudda 💔 ain't no way his name going die. Solid nigga, true legend.  …
Holy 😳
😻 wanna one giveaway! HAPPY 2K18 by mai (again) ((i messed up and forgot i had this too)) [XO] A SEONGWOO INNISFREE BROMID…
I can't wait to stay supporting you two goofs for 2018!💜💜 Bloopers 2017!
i’ll be watching 👌🏾
🎯 M4A1-S | Decimator Giveaway! ► RT ► Follow ► Tag 3 friends ► Open daily free 7 days!…
{INFO} 180103 -   &amp; Been Through rank No.19 &amp; No.20 on Global Viral 50 Chart on Spotify 🎊 - {adminch…
Honesty is the foundation for trust, you can't have one without the other 💯
They wonder why the suck😂
in 20🎊gayteen🌈All Hets are fucking🚫🙅‍♀️banned🙅‍♀️🚫😩that straight shit😷better be OFF my dash😬this is a💅Gays💅only👐EVENT👐we’re…
Need to workout here 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
WOAH. Look at what this minor league team named their new Stadium. 😮😮
Most important thing you'll learn today. 🍻
Special men in Liza’s heart in one frame❤️❤️❤️
"This is the precise picture of a long-oppressed people rising up against their dictators." ~ 🎯 Iran is ac…
In honor of our wintery weather, the main course for this evening will be....chili dogs! 😆 😐 I’ll see myself out now.
Lil Uzi Vert previews new music. Sounding 🔥🔥 or 💩💩?
Shannon &amp; Derek 🤢🤢🤢
lmao when will he FINALLY learn??? 😅 we'll find out! on the next episode of namjoon and jin's onion adventures. https://t…
please dont send me naked pictures i dont like to be teased😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
The reason why we laugh and the reason why we cry💔 Miss you bitch😘
LMAO With an Irish guy? 😁
some guy: “hey i like your shirt” me: “thanks, me too” 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
Retweet if you wanna hear perform “Been Through” live ✨
I haven’t been able to not sleep in months and now it’s like I’m up every hour 😔
I really am being way too over dramatic over this cold weather. Sorry not sorry 🤷🏻‍♀️
Shit the girls I date would give up 1,2 &amp; 4 for that number 3 😛
in Paris with Gigi Hadid♠Enjoy Hakim....
Best wishes to Actor  Movie Team for Blockbuster Success!! 😊👍 Wishes on Behalf of All THALA AJITH Fan…
Thankyouu😇
Too cute 😍💚 MBJoshLia ThisMonday
Oh dear 🙈
we lost a real one this week — 😭
📝 Follow Everyone Who Likes This Reply Ifb
EXO towards the ending of the fountain show. they did a group hug once the song has ended ❤ lets create more history…
Ask away 🙂
WOW. Watch the first EVER performance of Power at Dubai Fountain. It's so beautiful 😍😍😍
Mimi's the funniest one. 💀
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this🍟
RT: Planning your kids' summer plans? STEM based summer camp at Royal Cyber Club is all hands-on STEM activities! 🆒…
You funny😂😂🙃
"After hsm2" 😭 quiero este Disney again alb
Yes you did it 😂😂👏😉
Hi my sister. Happy Tuesday. 😘😘❤️❤️
I am just so pissed i slept in make up 😫😫😫
We need more people like you ... Positivity!🙄
How to stop smiling 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Tommy Shelby wow think I'm in love😢😂 stunnin x
Don’t see the point in today being “the most depressing day of the year” when It feels like it every fucking day 😂
Happy Birthday Sir 🎂
I legit be winning at life 🙌🏽
If anyone has Shaw on Demand watch Wisdom of the crowd 🙌🏼
URBAN UNISEX TRENDY SALE!! All Hats, Glasses, Tee’s, are FREE! Expires Tonight!!!!!🎄 *UNLIMITED ITEMS at checkout! 👉 ht…
🚨Former CIA Officer Warns👉💩Deep State Is "Terrified" Of Trump, "Want Him Taken Out"‼️Of course they're terrified the
Soon travel nalang 😉
All this talk about that U have to play in the EYBL to make the game. Plenty of Adidas Gauntlet players on this list 🤷🏾‍♂️…
Tables have turned 😂
FELONY FRIENDLY Companies.. RT This you could rlly help someone in need &amp; save ya ignorant ass comments pls &amp; Thank you ❤️…
I got some friends who made it , some friends who struggling . I treat them the same Bc we all gon BALL one day 👑
RT Darkness Awaits – Moonlight And Mystery🌜☄️🌜☄️🌜☄️🌜☄️🌜
I certainly hope that Ken Norton Jr.'s wife's husband is Ken Norton Jr. Things could get really awkward otherwise. 🤔
70000tons of metal❗️🇺🇸 2weeks later⚓️
Beautiful underboob tattoo. 🌹
Your hypocrisy is really quite entertaining 🤔
Honestly 💀
Disneyland 😍
please RT. golf 🏌️‍♀️ day on Friday 13th April. Teams of 4. £40 a head.…
😶Follow everyone who retweets it.
Retweet if you know what’s really going on 😂 they nailed it
REAL TALK 😂😂🗣!!
👏👏A great brother!👏👏😊💖
Everything happens for a reason 🎯
Allen Payne still fine 😍
If you got “🇩🇴” in ya username or bio I don’t even check ya profile before hitting that follow back. It’s called loyalty to…
right sis like let’s shit on these hoes together 🙄🤪😍
❌First RT❌ 1x Mc Alt 🔹Good Luck🔹 ^Nx
⏩⏩  CrowdFunding Exposure BOOSTER to 3.5+ Million ⏩…
Westbrook mu Curry mi 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
He did 😂💀
AMAZING: The best stag-do idea ever. 😂👏 (📸
Do that but rig it so I win 😉
Lyrics for “Dark-skin Marksmen” on Genius now 🙇🏿‍♂️🎯
This vine is so pure 🐕
Yummy 🙊🙊🙊 L A D W A N K S
Im so stressed that I'm calm 🙍🏽
📝IMPORTANT II We're so down at this category VOTE AS MUCH AS YOU CAN LETS LIFT IT ! I'm voting for  by
Khatro ke khiladi show name change to cooking ke khiladi because fans want to see her in that show 😂😂😂 T…
10 Things I Love God 👼🙏 Family 👪 Food 🍗🍕 Fast Wifi 🏃💨 Twitter 🐥 Movies 📺 Bestfriend ♥ Starbucks ☕ Music 🎶 CR…
Put on some lipstick hyung ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ 👄
Thanks to sign up for our first  Cup with !! 🔥🇫🇷 Proud to see this roster, good…
Bootiful. Dey iz holdin paws. 💟
Love u bro😍
Nike Air Pippen 1 “Wheat” expected to release later this month. For full details and photos 📸 htt…
Thank you ❗
Holy crap! Congrats Purpah! 🎉
pls rt —🥀 Beautiful sin (Seongwoo x Daniel)  1/2 Warning : beware of your sin. rate : 🔞 link : …
The look on the cops face is priceless! 😂 Sent:NowThisNews
Until you got tired of loading to me!😊😜
is trending  worldwide!! 🎉 congratulations again boys 💜🌟   …
They even turned Marcus Williams’ missed tackle into an 8 Bit 💀😂
Wats weird is some of y’all try to be weird 😒
I’m so weak😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
-AND... Does he wear dentures!? 😳🙄... 😂😂😂  or lack of... 🧐
RT when you see what's wrong with this picture😂😂😂😂
[🗳] DNA:    - Official MV: ()
rt / like to be in a 1d imessage gc 💌 - ot4 / 5 - if you’re a solo stan still respect the boys - be close n shit - select…
The hills remix 🎶
you can listen to my new album on Spotify here: 🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫
If only it was that easy 😭😭
Whoever added that sound effect going to hell 😂
2 weeks in.. and 6lbs down 💪🏼💁🏼
Them uggs finally came in handy 🙌🏾😂
Females WANT YOU to have a problem with them so bad. Girl, idgaf about you ugly😭
Congratulations on 2.2 M followers on Instagram. 🙏 BIGGBOSS COOKING SHOW
is that your coat? 😂😂😂
Snowball Fight In The Courtyard @ 12 !     Make Sure You Bundle Up 😂
I really love Reese’s pieces 🤗
Ofocurse y’all pressed over a whole different situation 🤔
❄️🌨️🌨️❄️ Adverse Weather - Snow Update to last notification: Services are unable to serve Newton Mearns and are t…
happy birthday Reece ❤️ hope you’ve had a good day x
Everybody would have done that 😂😂😍
cr. deep_deeperxx  and we will always do ❤
I HATE THIS 😭😭😭😭😭
Talent: my Php1000 could last for 2 days and my Php200 could last for a week. 🙃
Happy 59th Birthday to the legendary Sade! 💐
still dying from this 🤣🤣
Dead By Dawn The Old Me Is Gone 🐍 ... Have started working on my next project and will finish it here in Hong Kong, will…
This is absolutely heartbreaking.😰😰 Poor little girl having to demand justice by blocking the road against her rapist who got…
⏬ watch ⏬
Hi , I love you very much, I'm looking forward to your coming to Brazil ...🇧🇷❤
How long will I miss  💧
Unbelievably proud of u !!!!!!!! ❤️❤️
💚 Helpful guide alert: How to get the vitamins and minerals your body needs for overall good health! …
RT: Cherry Run ES    for   at Royal Cyber Club 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Hays😪
Wild thoughts💓☺️
Aubameyang &amp; Mkhitaryan partnership back on at The Emirates 😭💥💥💥💥💥
I can not make you happy, but please i dont want someone else to make you happy. I could try no i will try but please appreciate it.😌
God yeollie, u never fail to amuse me 💛
⭕️ WATCH FULL VIDEO ⭕️ ⭕️➤ ⭕️➤ ⭕️➤ …
[⭐️] MASS-VOTING has now officially started! ‼️ Keyword: “DNA” ‼️ Tweet out and maximize your 50 votes PER account now by…
JACC👌🏻 (@ Shaikh Jaber Al-Ahmad Cultural Center in Kuwait)
14) 👅 bitch
🔝 1.9M... and more is coming 😍😍😍😍 Listen to “Fi Makan” by Ramy Ayach on Anghami https:/…
Breathe in  here’s it for you. Let me know how you feel🙏🙏🙏👍👍
And I’m also addicted to watching this amazing video 😍🎤 MIC MIC BUNGEE / DNA -Credit to the amazing artist and to the…
Me and you grinding them??😏
You guys are killing it with your votes. RT this tweet to vote  👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻  …
MIC DROP ft ARMY 💣🔥
Flash is back ⚡
Ah nigga who can get under ya skin lol the worse.. ready to beat his ass just because 😭😭😭
Frfr 😂😂😂😂
REALTOR® Magazine- Bamboo is making its way into more home interiors. From flooring, window treatments to wall...
2x speed dance plz iKON!! 🙏💕
here’s the one time that i’m not useful 😞
January Giveaway! Details here: Subscribe on Youtube📺 Follow this Twit…
Yeaaah we did it!! 🇦🇷💪🏼 The  has arrived in Belén 👊🏻😁 Dakar Rally special stage 10 ✅   https:…
♠‡ Rare Ceramic Vintage Circus Clown Reamer Juicer
I won’t cheat but I’ll stress yo ass df out 😂🤷🏽‍♂️
1. Like and retweet this. 2. Follow all that do the same. 3. Follow back when followed. 🐧
🤞🏾🖤 we GONE make it to that television soon enough Aint Too Long just gotta put in this work and we can do a…
[Voting] October 2014 BTS Trilogy Episode 1: The Red Bullet 🛑    …
1: Retweet this🏮✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🏮✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🏮✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
unseals 11-count indictment linked to  bribery,  Foreign bribery fraud,💲laundering, &amp; p…
⬇Bang with local girls at ⏬ 😍🌶💥💥 porn china sex cab xxx Diaper Skeet nsfw Alexa video thic…
Big black cock fucks sexy twink power bottom 😈 watch more trending gay porn videos free on 🌈 https:…
2018 is gonna be a great year 😂😂😂😂👋
Work is playground 😂 from Ms igs
this EP means so much to me. thank you I'll proudly be rocking my new sweatshirt🖤🤘  …
This rihanna song will forever be a classic 🔥
pride won't drift us away. 😊
🌟 humorous evening friends…
Purple disaster tiefling 😍
UK 👻 Click on ‘Interested’ for updates: LIMITED TICKETS
Today.. Was A Good Day.👮 💨
I don’t see I’m going to cry 😩
Holy smokes, I've been adopted into the family, awwwww ❤️❤️
🔴⚪️ Thanks for the memories all the best at your new club 💯⚪️🔴
this is gold 😂
Dolphin Trivia ✨ (Don't trust them !!)
Boohoo order where you at???🆘🤷🏼‍♀️
Jeremstar amneu thiooool 😂😂😂
A$AP Rocky roasting Playboi Carti 😂
A 3 year phase 💀
Mind-Blowing Octopus color change 🐙 by IG
RETWEET RETWEET‼️‼️‼️
Having a very hard time deciding who is cuter in this photo!!!! 🐶 |
Good hoop sesh ending with some steakpedos 🤤 Don’t mind if I do 🙏🏼
Haven’t even been to class and I already have homework. Great way to start the semester 🙃
RT TO BE IN A CALPURNIA GC -find name later -stan calpurnia not only finn -listen to the ep 🤧
I love my country so much, and thank you 🙏.
Folks THIS is who you're getting dominated by down on Retail Row 🤣🤣
He's wrong af for this.. 😂😂😂
Overrated❤️❤️
The “Sideline Cam” video of Diggs’ game-winning TD is unreal 🔥 *SOUND ON* (via
“I’m sorry I let u down”must be the most upsetting and relatable Lyric ever 😔
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show Queen👸Philippines:
OMG Chinese fans will put up birthday ads for Samuel at 3 Times Square, New York on January 17. 😍
Thoughts and prayers to my boy and former Sooner, 🙏🏻 Your Mom was a great lady, with an inspiring outloo…
Ctfu like Oh Ard he brung you to his friend house instead of his house to fuck you😭😭 I feel bad for bitches
Caption??? 😂😂😂
my bestfriend's heartache is also my heartache. 😞
Search a little bit more stylish ☺️
😳😳😍I love DIDDDLE'S CHRISTMAS SALE!! EVERYTHING IS $0.00 AND YOU JUST PAY SHIPPING!!!!!! *UNLIMITED ITEMS at checkout!!…
We grown ass men, don’t need y’all no more. We cooking for the sex dolls 😍
lol nope im still not good in digital drawing 😂 yeap! hence I changed my id to konstelace (constellation)
Idk why but i rlly love sad songs, it makes me happy 😂👌🏻
they pushed joshua out and joshua did the X sign to us and he went back down to sit 🤣🤣🤣🤣 coups and jeonghan keeps bully…
🌟 Stephen Curry  🌟
🔶🗣Important meeting about volunteering/ fundraising tomorrow after school room 209!! spoiler: we're volunteering at…
You’ll be forever in my heart ❤️
I use to pause fortnite for you 😞
I swear lil bro gone blow 🔥🔥 69 69 69🌈
How to Pronounce Fart Job ↺RT❤
We are, sweetie. Thanks so much ❤️
Listening To This High Is Amazing 🖤
LMAO! I remember that! 💀😂😂😆
Feelings... 💭
might as well catch these zz’s cause my ass on the train until this rental pulls through . 🔮
I’ve done enough favors for you, but now I’m done. ✌🏻
180115 ISAC    👏👏👏
🎥  Sideline Cam
happy birthday 👻👻
As long as you're happy, Maine. 💛💖
G⚽️AL MORNING!!! 🎂 Happy Birthday, 🎁
how i b tryna get the bck of my head😂
Update: I take it back 😉😁
yeri updated on ig look at the reveluvs and nctzens sitting together 😭
Find Out K-Pop Fans' TOP 10 Male Biases List ▶️    …
This man out of Iowa is really spitting some heat 😳🔥
Knocked himself out 💀💀
These two teams definitely don't like each other 😂
*heavenly blessed* 😇😇
I got options but i want who i want 🤷🏽‍♀️
Seungri is always in iKON's dressing room &amp; bigbang can only see him onstage 😂 haha!
This video will never get old 😂
why you and mari faking on eachother — 🤦🏽‍♀️
Chasing Autumn 🍁🍂
When niggs imitate the shit we do it’s 10 times funnier 😂😂😂
I just LOVE this photo! 💖 from
YES HE CAN!!! 🤗
⭐️Download full video⭐️ Click 👉👈 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
We looooove a qt with flowers 💐 |
being called sayang by someone I love is so 😍😍😍😍.
46 LOVE YOURSELF 承~HER~ Tracklist  SERENDIPITY✅
@ me already 😂😉
My happiness 🖤✨
Lmao my brother is so dramatic 💀
When Kim &amp; Khloé both have their babies, will be a grandmother of 7. 😳 The season continues next Sunday, fam! 😘
SOUND ON 🔈 This is why you should NEVER wear angora.
Great  💪💪
.. 🖤 But you don't have a clue
Lmfaoooo niggas are gross bro 😂
Kells can you tell me if 'HAMMER' from habits is a sign? ...🖤🖤
i’m reading the perks of being a wallflower and i’m cuddled up in my baymax blanket and it’s raining outside i feel warm 💕
LMFAOOO IM CRYIN 😂😂
Together forever 😙
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JENNIE🎉
Perfect addition to your ripped jeans though 😊
Fuck💋💋💋😘😘😘😍😍😍ing Perfect.... Yes. 😁😁😁😂😂😂
That 12 hour shift was a killer😩
Sometimes all you can do is pray 🙏
🎧 Great Is Thy Faithfulness by on
Well said 👍🏼
rabbits😘😘  , , , ,…
📸 Muscle Daddy 704
How the teacher be during an exam 😂😁😂
I’m dying at this video 😂😂😂
I have to check that out but I don't have crackle..I have to figure this out I know it's goimg to be good 👍
Her Husband Passed Away &amp; The Photographer Recreated The Vision Of The Dad Being There, This Made Me Cry. 😭
I love my ZoeLady ❤️
100% pure looove 💃🏼
Can you believe Traitor Chelsea Manning running for Maryland Senate‼️Another abomination we can thank Obama…
Looking for some  Browse our SearchSystem™ on []
RETWEET | TWEET | QUOTE TWEET | REPLY | REPEAT 🏆    You can also vote h…
has better hair than 99.9% of people I have ever met, just sayin'. 💥
People be thinking I forgot the shit they said 😒 Ain't no expiration date on disrespect 💯
I’m way too good at goodbyes 💫
I’m crying LMAOOOOOO niggas tried to rob a 7-11 with a fake gun and the security guard came in busting shit 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 “Oh…
wow me and laura literally just hit a year on snapchat with our streak 😭
Them Snapchat memories really be hitting you 😭😭
A bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you fail to make the turn. 😉
Aye so lowkey need a boo hmu 😂
Lil man was not having it , he wanted his money for his food but he wasn’t leaving without his sister😩😂😭 …
congrats bro !! can’t wait to get to work 💪🏾💯
Am I the only one that gets happy when plans are canceled 😂
bts 4th muster 180114 | © taeholic
Major Salute to Bro for offering his platform for cheap! Everybody don’t got $100’s for promo 💯
RT if u like!!! mummy bathroom me uncle k saath maze karti hui!! part 2😍😍🔥🔥🔥🔥
Yall take jokes too serious 🤣🤪
Welcome back, 🙌
Day 1️⃣: killua zoldyck see ya there! 🤤💙
IM DEAD 😂😂
Great initiation! 👍🏼 WE LOVE YOU VIKAS
180114 FM HD☄️✨ CUTEE
Why is it when ya kids sleep u should be doing all u can’t while they’re awake but u opt to just chill 🤷🏾‍♀️🤷🏾‍♀️
This is so lovely to see!! Thank you for supporting . &amp;  in your Ai Weiwei Tree-Tee . ❤️🌲…
Good luck with your constant need for validation and attention ☠️
13. What a beautiful, incredible nation of immigrants we are. 🇺🇸
Jungkook with his bunny ears on dancing the YOLO YOLO part is the cutest thing you will see today 🐰 😍
This is absolutely insane. I'm so happy I managed to pull this together! ParadoxKarl bop is coming soon 👀👀👀
Hahaha probs I was fumin earlier turns out I just needed feeding 😂😂😂
I swear that’s not possible 😍
Hello my dear friends 💞
This Year A New Record Should ideally be Created - It's Coming 🔥 Don't forget to see Future Consumer's Quality Prod…
New Series on the Channel🤔 Welcome ‘Weekly Music Mixes’ to Pixl Networks. Weekly Music Mix 📞 Don’t Call
😂 tf going on ? 🤔
✅  no fucking angel 🖤
Me n floss 3g up on niggas🤘🏼🤘🏼
Slay Dad Hat 💫 Shop: Use Code "Cap1" for 10% off + Free Shipping
The flu is now an epedemic in the United States. Perfect excuse to start wearing a mask in public 🤗
all I wanna do is be a great mom, make money and love a loyal man 😉
🏆VOTES UPDATE | Louis is still  on the iHeart Awards Best Solo Breakout competition with 1.5M votes! Tweet "
My son viva_la_locos9 birthday cake. I love the 🍰. I let my pride of wanting to take a picture…
RT if you're broke &amp; I might slide into ya dms with a gift card surprise to a store of your choice ✨ …
Enjoy ur life 😊
TAEHYUNG LOOKIN SO BOYFRIEND WITH BABY TAN🐯🐶 I NEED TO GET THESE IMAGES TATTOOED ON MY BODY FOREVER💜
We had an awesome time in Seoul! Thank you to all the fans and to everyone on the team for being so great 🤗
rt this to gain jimin stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back ☺️
Still buzzing from Mane smashing ball straight past Edersons tattoo and in to top corner 🔥
Ansel is so cute when he comments on their fanstagrams 💗
left a comment +  replied: B: Omg ㅋㅋ Cute😆 I mean the dogs ㅋㅋㅋㅋ H: What about me😤😤😤😤???? …
Congratulations to you both 💙💙
I can be your angle... or yuor devil ✨
Same 😫😂😂😂
I'm hollering 😂😂😂
Honestly thou 💯
Lol this is a fam war between SERENDIPITY and YOLO YOLO. Sorry but i vote for our little prince🤧
hbd thx for letting me cheat off u:) i love u!💞💞
Peachy Keen 🍑✨
I already played RuneScape 😭😭😭
I mean ...lol😂😂🤷🏾‍♂️😂
She deserved it. 😇
JAYLEN BROWN 🤓
🚨ELECTION POLL: Due to rampant voter fraud, do u think ALL political elections in the United States, state &amp; fed, should…
It might be rainy today, but we're sending a warm welcome to our new shop ☀️ Get inspired &amp; find wh…
All about the memories brother 🤣🤣
Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi and Harry Kane are the  18  Attackers! Available today for 24hrs from 6pm UK. 👀…
SHENZHEN HQ - Bas is watching u 😂
Lovin my 👌😙💨💀🍃🍃🔥😜💛 while jammin to 🎶👑💖😘👌😅
Never give up on something you can’t go a day without thinking of 💛
my first and ONLY TWITTER 😂 I had this twitter since forever bruh all through high school &amp; all
Post Malone a rockstar 😂
lol omg bfrie girl you’re amazing just the way you are. im still eating the ice cream and you still lost weight tohooooo
THIS MINI HANNAH MONTANA REUNION MAKES ME SO HAPPY 😭😭
love is the love👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩
Okay printer let’s print this document 🖨: WHOOOH YEAH ALRIGHT Oops made a mistake, cancel print job please 🖨: FUCK THAT…
Vibe 🔝🙏🏻⚡️
My Next Will Be My Last And It’s MERCHED💯 I’m Finna Be Rich So It’s Either Be Here NOW or Never💯🤫
1 retweet and 6 likes after so many hours. I'm sorry 😂
when you’re tryina take a good photo but home boy decides to cut a massive fart 💨😂
"😶Follow me and everyone who retweets this  "
Why am i doing this? 😭
how im trying to be in a few years😭
&lt;&lt;180125&gt;&gt; I saw the whole universe in your eye. 👀✨🌌
♞ ⋮ KILLZENT • 1990 🐯 ☏ You can call me【 ϟ ▀ ° LINE ❝  •  ❞ ☇ Date night sex with me.?  ht…
If you’re having a bad day here’s a pug eating a watermelon 😍🍉
My heart hurts 😭 Stop growing!!!
Gotta see this 😂
Michelle is literally the most unfazed person I know !!! This girl does not budge 😂😂
SURE LETS DO IT! MEGAA MONEY!!!!!!🔥🔥🔥 If &amp; all get TRIPLE DOUBLES tonight we will split $1,000…
yooooo fuck work like fr tho 🙁
Happy birthday 🤩 I know somewhere out there mister Barnett is thinking about you ❤️ love you forever
✔️ Follow EXO WOLRDWIDE UNION on: FB 🔗 IG 🔗
Such a good night out 😇
The   The
📣Stay consistent and keep our voting rate fast!📣 I'll be away for a few hours😊 You guys are so hardworking and passiona…
Rat taking a shower like human 🐁
2ND LEVEL ✔️Round 6 🔥 Rule 🔥 1) RETWEET 2) Reply the songs you choose + KEYWORD + iHeartAwards hashtag
FULL TIME: Swansea 3-1 Arsenal. 😳 Live scenes from Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's flight to London...👀✈️⏪
WATCH! CoPple Scene! ❤  Link:
This is the first time I’ve had my iPhone longer than a year, and I swear it’s so broke down. That’s wild ☹️
- 1st 60-point triple-double in NBA history. - Rockets franchise record for PTS in a game. James Harden = PURE 🔥. https://t.…
2ND LEVEL ✔️Round 8 🔥 Rule 🔥 1) RETWEET 2) Reply the songs you choose + KEYWORD + iHeartAwards hashtag
Soon ❤
english 😣
💖 morning 🎈
W/  🔊 the greatest
Gal Gadot is so beautiful omg 🌹
No one hates anyone, we're havin' a love fest! 😆
Omg Everyone is looking too good at the  premiere 😍😍😍
Love you, Jagr 💛
Happy Birthday TOOO MEE 💖👑💋😘
You should never give up, no matter how hard the situation is always bleieve that something beautiful is going to happen.." 💙
Be careful she's savage!😎
LOVE these windbreakers 😁️ AND they help  🐘 Shop 👉 …
Is any one tried this ? It’s my favorite 👇Honey and 🕳Yummy 👍👌
We don't want to leave. 😂
Someone get this monkey out of the rain 🙊
I'm reloading...😈
. ... So your expecting Colbert to rip into Trump because practice makes perfect (😁) and that's sure as hell what he practices a lot...
No.8 spot with the apostrophe! 😁
This really all I be wanting in life. Ain’t nothing betta than getting groovy with ya boo to some 90’s hip hop 🤧…
Idc how hard life get, I ain’t smoking no cigarette. 😂🙅🏽‍♀️
Not really, but can’t argue with mubs 😂
Happy to be alive 💗😁🙏🏾
Page continued contact with Russia His unusual trip to Moscow in summer 2016-no secret ⏩FBI would have outlined thi…
Shine bright like a diamond ❤❤
thank you for playing tonight MicDropRemix 🙌
Charmeleon ♂ until 20:01:52 (27m 0s)(Redlands).
Accurate 😂
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸Our children come first 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
[🏆] Best Boy Band:    -
Devistating... 💔 Suicide is never the answer.
black panther is gonna be 🔥🔥🔥
Damn we don’t even need Blake to beat this sorry Cavs team! 🏀😭
What does that even mean?!😂😂
This one said he's father said he'll be greater than him 🙄 so Vito it's by coming for  that u'll be greate…
🏐 Retweet + Like 🏐 Follow All Who Retweets Likes this! 🏐 Goooo gain ♠️  ♠️  ♠️
Don't forget tho,  - We R all 🇺🇸…
Alhumdulillah fit and fine one and only your duaas always with me and how are you?? 😊
Real ain’t what a nigga say, it’s what a nigga do 🙌🏽
🌟Top Countries who tweeted JHOPE MAMA🌟 1. S.KOREA 2. PHILIPPINES 3. AUSTRALIA 4. INDONESIA 5. MEXICO 6. US 7. VIETNAM…
me🦆irl
WOW 😳 these Aggies ain’t no Joke
Good night 🌃
The  premiere dress code: “royal attire requested” 🙌
When sis cried 😭😭💔 I felt that!!
me🐻irl
I listen to music more then I listen to people.💯
Yes! He looks amazing 👏🏾
LMFAO IM FUCKING WEAK 😂😭😂😭😂😭😂😭
💀 remember this era? 💀
Sleep 😴
"Two heads are better than 1" Kenya: Hold my beer 😂😂😂
Tick tock ...⏳⌛️⏰💰
follow everyone who retweets this, 4 mins🦖
❤RT FOR PHARMERCY!❤ I wanted to do some casual cute Pharmercy shots with and I'm so happy with how they tur…
I laughed wayyy too hard at this shit 😩😂💀
I really don’t give a fuck if any comics like me or not, I just want them to keep booking me 🤣
Can’t wait to get my own place with tloml 💍
Iloveyou more! 💙
โอ๊ย น่ารัก 💖💖💖 Cr. Full Frame Studio
Storm on YouTube 🔥🔥 Only Indian Hero to have Back to back 100M Views Films !
This is happening in Libya right now, while the world 🌎 has forgotten about the slave trade in Libya, the issue is sti…
treat them well ok?👍🏻
BITCHHHHH TOMORROW AT 12PM PST!!! Limited edition lavender hoodie only on sale for 24 hours! 😍😍😍😍 whos ready?! …
omg we still abt who’s best dancer? stop comparing b/c they excel in different things😤that’s why both are main, but Hobi is…
According to this poll,  Trailer Has The Massive Craze 🔥 Won The Poll With 34% Votes! Clean WIN👍
I forgot I had homework and we travel to Fort Worth tomorrow morning 🤦🏾‍♀️
Grind &amp; Pray 🙏🏾
Your boyfriend gonna drill yo shit — ihy elijah 💀
Fresh😂
Lol😂😂😅.. Eeeeeeeh KuRough moss
Unhinged Orders Trump to Thank Obama During SOTU 😂🤣😂 ➡ Chuck 👎 u truly are THE MOST disgusting, disgraceful re…
It’s lonely at the top ☁️
It’s about that time for some jams😴
Happy birthday lovely 🎉🍾👴🏻 This was us when we were young and spritely!! ✨👵🏻😜 Have the BEST day!! 💋 https:…
Now, isn't that a sight! 😍 Our  being prepared from the chassis up ready for the start of our testing progra…
before i log off.. isnt my account just so cute😭
Dear God .. IDC if I end up lonely or friendless ..Keep Removing &amp; Revealing 💯
If I were I would send goodness to gracious with a body bag and a note🔫💣🔪🔧
one like on a guys picture and then they think we want them 🤦🏽‍♀️
"Let's not check that off our list, no falling in love girl we only kids." 🎶💕
Thank you em!! 💜💜 This picture is a classic
😂😂 I usually go to fabric shops get the fabric &amp; get them made. theres a strip on W 34th that has &amp;…
📷 angelandfaith: “And I’m trying. Dawn, I am, I am really trying to take care of things, but I don’t...
Going to watch the game today at the London stadium ⚒️⚒️⚒️
😂😂see I ain’t even know that
180130 LAX Enjoy the LA!!!💕💕
All I need is a back massage 😩
Scottish accent please!!!.....love you guys so much💕
The way jm eats tho 😂
Alf mabrook ya loloo💜🖤
I’m not watching but you’ll summarize all the names that go by for us, yeah? 😆
Y’all i swear my brother play to much 😂😂
Happy Birthday Karen! 🎂🍾
Happy birthday love ya bro 🎊🎂💙
new music from me here: 🦋
“THIS THE  dj khaled's live ad libs killing me 💀💀💀
🚀🚀🚀We would like to invite everybody to join our Airdrop  Submit the DANK form completing all required information htt…
glad we don’t share the same feelings 😔
1: Retweet this 📢✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet 📢✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you 📢✅ 4: Gain with
So is your work. 👌
Stomping to class in my tattered sneakers. Which loser is paying for a sniff? 😂
I love this !  😘😘😘🙏
Son :mom why computers are so smart? Mother :because computer follows instructions from *mother board* 😶😶
Congratulations to the Entire Cast and Crew of this Movie For achieving this Rare Feat 😘😘😘 The Show Stea…
This glunt is the best thing I’ve ever smoked out of Thanks 🐯 Save 60% using code “2018GLUNTS” https://t.…
Receives Delivery of First Pratt &amp; Whitney Geared Turbofan™ Powered Production Engines for E190-E2 Program
Me as a child 😂
exo’s cosmic railway (studio ver.) 💌 sehun’s part: 0:32-0:38, 1:12    …
As fuck lmfao 😂🤣🤣😂
90k telegram no. 1 channel Join this channel now for daily 50-100% profit signals 👉
I'm officially taken 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍…
Hair done sat, sat night rebel w/ Roxanne hyped get to see 👅💍 ilu
⏰ SALE ENDS AT MIDNIGHT ⏰ Shop Now 👉
RT: Holiday Inn HolidayInn  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Loll 😂😂😂I’m the exact opposite i can paint light skin tones but when i start painting dark skin it’s…
You can’t give these bitches or these niggas the sauce at any cost 💯
TITTY TUESDAY 😘 RT to win nudes 💦
☁️GIVEAWAY☁️ 🔥M4A4 DRAGON KING🔥 TO ENTER YOU MUST: 1⃣ -FOLLOW +
When you excited AF you found something for your event this weekend 🎊👏🏼👯‍♀️ . Ps. She’s happy…
Sit back, relax and enjoy a view of the Turtle Pond. 🐢
We heal you pokémon back to perfect health! ✨
it's too fucking early for this istg😩
Can we also get  please?🙂
Uber driver is listening to The Cure 👍🏽
Add my  👻
oh😂😂😂 I live in north east England loooool were practically Scotland
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this✅🎒
9 out of 10 doctors agree that a pond is relaxing. 😷
ASSnal. 👀
exo should drop rap and become a full vocal group instead 💛
Remember when said the Obama Presidency was scandal free!! 😂😂😂😂😂
shit well you can be both 👰🏼👸🏼😂
Fortnite mobile Code giveaway now comment or retweet you guys have 5 minuets good luck !!!!🤟🏽🤟🏽❤️❤️
😭😭😭😭 this man drake.
That's f*cked up 😑😑😑😑
It's like we just won't keep CS 🤐
heard a couple arguing so I whipped out my phone and this is what I got😂
Now this game is getting boring! How would they vote two people back in.. I mean! When will this show ever end🙄🚶🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
LOOK: Alyssa Valdez, Thirdy look sharp as  judges 👀🔥
💋 happy happy happy 💋
Follow spreeeee 🎉🎊🎉
Surround yourself with positive people who have the same mission you do and never stop learning 💪
I forgot I have a familiar reunion 🙈 and I am already late 🤦🏻‍♀️
🚨 Tennessee 🚨 HD01 needs a Dem challenger filing by 4/5/18 to run against John Crawford‼️ His record: 86% NRA rating Abo…
🍀 I'm ready for tomorrow 🍀
His wife looks so happy 🙃
Retweeting won't cost you anything. Appreciate this legend. Not all Super heroes on art work are appreciated 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 https://t.…
😭😭😭😭  and we haven’t even gotten to the vows yet
worked a 12 hr shift 😴
『 rt this to gain jimin mutuals! follow those who rt + make sure to follow back! 🍡 』
I Like Mine Nasty, Unfriendly, &amp; All About Me 😅
Retweeting won't cost you anything. Appreciate this legend. Not all Super heroes on art work are appreciated 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 https://t.…
when y’all bday? 🤩
I can do ALL things through Christ that strengthens me 🙏🏾✨
i miss your writingssss 💕 i m going to wait for it. 😊
army, follow who retweet this 💕
Doing both ib and spm, got honor roll award for first semester and stret A+ 🙌 The whole nation should recognize him and…
There is a Western derby between and It will also be Karela's debut game in the top flight. ⌚ 3:00pm…
Speed  🎁 !! RT &amp; Follow + ✔️ WIN ONE STEAM KEYS 🎮:) 1 Winner 😎 Ends at 30 RTs 💣 http…
Thank you so much today... This is my little gift! Please take it!! I love you 😂💕💕💕
coquin 😏
🔥🔥Giveaway🔥🔥 2 Winners Random PayPal money Spotify Account 👇 Must 👇 RT pinned (With Proof) 👇👇Must Follow👇👇
My stomach on 12 right now and I don’t know why😩
NO PLEASE, I'M FINE WITH YUG BUT NO PLEASE NOT OTHERS😣
i can't handle it, its just too hot🔥😍 cr.Rubyheartbbh
Aight twitter i met this young lady in Miami and im 96.78 percent sure she my soulmate. Help me out thanks✊🏿 …
My mom with my brother! Like wtf 😂😂😂
Never be unkind to the ones that really loves you. Appreciate them at all costs. 🌖
it was awesome talking to you ..🤗🤗🤗
Follow my Friends for more Hentai Content! ❤ ❤ ❤ Also check out the Room 34 [🔞] Discor…
Abusive and rude. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Aw I miss retreat 😭
EXO successfully closed their 'EXO PLANET  - The EℓyXiOn – in BANGKOK' concert✨ EXO enthralled fans with amazing perform…
I really love being in the beach......the sound of the waves , the flow of the wind , sand it’s calming 🌊
Need new friends so feel free to slide in my DMs 🙂
army, follow who retweet this 😘
- 112.2K
All the best! Good luck God bless you!   ❤️🙏🏼
Supporting ❤️
Brilliant boys... x 😂
Wow I’m nearly on 18.3 follows....keep going  💋💋
[HQ] 180316 Ghana Fanmeeting ☺️😍
every night Keith gets in bed before me and lays in my spot so that when I get in bed I don’t get cold and it’s the sweetest thing ever 😭😭
Get in here guys, Rico Swavey is at it again😁 *emi ti take over* 😂
Rocking In Bangalore 😎💪💛 🎥 -
Not my day today 🤷🏾‍♂️
💥Why is it that all of the..... Corruption Lying Cheating Malfeasance Spying Stealing Scandal Incompetence Rac…
Wow, Amazing! ALMA'💜 is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Retweeting won't cost you anything. Appreciate this legend. Not all Super heroes on art work are appreciated 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 https://t.…
How can i look at other men when EXO is there. No one compares.. forever single club🖐👌  …
Yeah Chick-fil-A is better don’t @ me🤷🏽‍♂️
simply fantastic! 💕
👌🏽 don’t @ me
why the fuck don't i get twitter notifications??? 😤
⭐NEW VIDEO TODAY ⭐ 🅲🅷🅴🅲🅺 🅾🆄🆃 🅽🅾🆆 💯%FREE 0⃣3⃣💖1⃣9⃣💖2⃣0⃣1⃣8⃣ Click thumb up👍 ⏯️ Click thumb up👍 AL…
Happy thanksgiving🐣
Are we getting crocs🤭
ily sm❤️ a true queen😍😍
[180319] 📸 Peckpalit
Good way to end spring break 🌸
aw wish i had besties like this ☹️
is here! Simply FOLLOW and RT for the chance to  a box of coffee bags! ☕️
Because it’s Sunday 😂🤘🏻😈
Sitting on the dock when suddenly... 😯🐋
I may not be going to the Formation tour... so I might as well dance like I'm ON IT! 😂💯💜
BAM! BAM! BAM! Its Finally Time. √ RT if u are online. √ Follow all RTs √ Turn on my notifications 👉Gain 500± Free Activ…
Happy birthday to my little sister 💕
Everything that’s wrong in football, right there 😂😂
this is the softest photoset i have ever seen 🌸🌷🌺 (cr. MyGyeomieBaby)
Who the hell is he 😈😈
Every single one of these memes I’ve seen the better option on the right 😂
Bitches went to Miami and thought they was in Vegas.. no bitch what happens in Miami goes on twitter 🤣
To go running here 😍
Safe flight my boy ❤️   credit: on pic
KHAN is the HOPE of Millions 😍
Bro what lmaooooo 😭😭
It's good to see the Srilankan people turned into Indian supporters on their independence day ☺ lol.
💥💥GIVEAWAY💥💥 200,000 $TTC (0.014 BTC)!! To be entered for a chance to win you must RETWEET this post and FOLLOW
I cant believe a year ago today I was up at 4am sobbing cus I had just found out I had won m&amp;g for bristol 😭😭
This is one of my faves! 🤗
If we give happiness to others we will end up happy.❤
God bless Alan Hutton 😅😅
Retweet &amp; like this 🔒 Follow all who RT &amp; like 🔒 Followback everyone 🔒 Gain Followers ♨️
This is amazing 😍🙌🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
I be complaining about being single but this me Everytime someone slide in my dms😭
☝😋 Always remember to smile. You may not know it, but someone might be dying to see that smile eve…
but first it’ll piss you off.😭
follow everyone who LIKES this🐻
📣⚠️ FAQ Bounty/Updates/Air
Gain 600+ followers with 😎 Follow 💯 Let's Gain ⚡⚡⚡  🇰🇪  🇰🇪  🇿🇦
Get-up weekend is over now 😀😀
Isn't chanyeol the sweetest?💕 cr.Chanbar
HIS SUPERIOR BLACK HAIR IS REALLY BACK OH MY GOD EVERYONE 😭😭 (cr. tyt)
I thought me and were meant for each other. 💔
Same girl 😂😂
Thank you for spreading the word!! 💕💕💕💕
No that’s me 🤫
Fancy it buddy? 🤑😍
Aww! Omg! 💕💕
Alright julez..... now you’re getting carried away with what you meant to say! 😂😂😂 I got it. Lol
Retweet in 5 seconds for some good luck 😋😁
very happy with one more victory 🙌🏼
👉Retweet after me — let’s make this hashtag trend. As the Mueller probe closes in on Trump, he’s becoming increasingly…
Resting bitch face hits us like a freight train fr😂
I was watching this on loop during 10 min before posting it 😭😂 This is so satsifying 😊  https:…
yea we went hard last night 😈😈
It's Monday! 😅
Well what an amazing weekend. Shoutout to And my amazing purple hearts 💜💜💜
i would die for these beautiful LADIEZ 🖤💀🍕
👀 | Craig Dawson is wanted by two Championship clubs as the Baggies prepare themselves for relegation.  …
What a finish nail biting finish 😅
heard a couple arguing so I whipped out my phone and this is what I got😂
Priorities 🙄
I found leprechauns 🍀
I wanted to share this because I LITERALLY DIE EVERY TIME LIKE PEPPA WAS PISSED 😭😭
Handsome  with Maryam AlMheiri during the shoot of  in Abu Dhabi. 😘
No words. ❤️❤️❤️
[📹] on ig stories: Nats🌹
Hail  Unbelievable hitting... Kudos... Undoubtedly greatest ever T20 innings by an Indian batsman.... India…
1: 🌹Retweet this🕸 2: 🕷Like this👠 3: 👠Follow all who like and rt this🕷 4: 🕸Follow back all that follow you🌹 5: 🌹Gain followe…
She’s so gorgeous 🔥
Great actors solving the issue of a Astrid heading to earth 🌏We're OK!…
RT for Ancelotti🇮🇹 LIKE for Mourinho🇵🇹
The new Clio though 😭🙌🏾 even the VW Up is ugly but cute 😂
I can’t put into words how much I love you. 💜
Imfact is so loud 😂😂😂😂
Don't worry Sundowns have a bigger squad .😂😂😂😂
Our first two Lollapalooza festivals have been incredible. We love you South America!! 😍
That moment when you’re listening to a song and the lyrics relate to you big time 😭
tiffany saying “i dont give a fuck” then apologizing and saying “idgaf” 💖⭐️💞✨💕💗
shame🐯
180318 MXM 2ND FM ［MATCH UP] Roller Coaster 🕺
He has such a purty mug that he'd look good with or with hair 😊🤗
tell me– the hint, eonni! 😶
Instead of all the negativity floating around, lets talk positivity! 😊
He’s 9 and more of a man than all my ex’s! Read the caption &amp; you’ll understand why.  💕😩🤞🏽 ht…
Hey guys! Gonna be in Canada until the 29th. Therefore, no streams for more than a week. Love you guys ❤️
Cherry Hill 🍒
Pass it on😅
Happy day to you😍
Champions 🏆🏆🏆🏆
&amp; i did all that art too sooo hit me if ya want some heat Lmao 🤪🤪
about beer.🍺
The whole mf Illinois 🤦🏾‍♀️
When you are posted to village to teach but there's no computer so u create your own😳hmm Gh teachers are really doing well 🙏 h…
When people ask me why a comeback from a group, who came from the previous generation, STILL excites me HAHAHA 😛
Not my day today 🤷🏾‍♂️
I’m catching up on all my shows thanks to your hulu😎
I guess life is getting a little better 🙂
🆘🆘I’M CRITICAL🆘🆘 💀Please don’t let me DIE💀 💵PLEDGE❤️FOSTER💚RESCUE💜ADOPT   via htt…
&amp;  to  our Lemon &amp; Sea Buckthorn Night Oil to celebrate our new awards! 🎉Hooray!…
Shout out to the only people that I’ve not had to ask them to acknowledge me but they did ❤️ It was a pleasure working with yo…
Class of 2018🎓
"👇🏻Jan 2017 White House Staff👇🏻"
YOU WILL NOT CATCH ME 😂😂😂
idk why but someone let me come play 😂😂
Do u talk to anyone? — I talk to a lot of people everyday, my parents, my friends, strangers! 😂 Hmm.. but you aren’…
Weekend Giveaway Time! A Pair Of HIGH END Shoes for PUBG! 👉RT and Follow to join the Giveaway! 👌Share with your Friends for…
We love facts ☕️
No need to rub it in.. we never gloat do we 😜😜😜😜😜
“let me just start from the back” 😂🤣
Black people planning a trip: Day 1🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹 Day 2🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹 Day 4🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹 Day 5🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹 Day 6🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹 Day 8🚹🚹🚹🚹🚹 Day 10🚹🚹🚹🚹…
Is that a compliment ? 💀
Be yourself, be heard, and always be weird as heck. 💃👭💓
Beautiful Mother (2017) 👇🏻Streaming Full Video👇🏻
Thanks 😊
I’m gonna set so much goals for me right now, &amp; watch me achieve them, BET. Grind don’t stop 2K18😤.
🍆 bulging earlier💪🏾
Idc how you used to know me 🤷🏻‍♀️ if you not in my life rn you don't know shit🗣💯
🚨NEW🚨 x “BAG” Now Streaming on  🔥🔥🌟🌟✍🏻
We Can Judge The Heart Of A Man By His Treatment Of Animals 👏🐎❤
who can i chill w today 😭
🌸 "truth. lie. truth.", a project of personal poems that could be songs: a thread 🌸
Iconic 💜
En directo / LIVE FC Barcelona - Chelsea En Vivo Online📺⚽️📺 LINK : LINK :
Sorry I missed Titty Tuesday - here’s my boobs anyway 🤷🏼‍♀️
When your whole school doesn’t have class because of March Madness😂
You got this love! 😏
For you💐🍭🍬🍫🍡
RT if u love mia 😍
No prob !! 🙆❤ would do it again any time hehe also wishing you all the best for tmr !! I'm sure you'll get the resu…
🏇🏻 and our man give their tips for the Ballymore Novices' Hurdle - Sa…
I’ve already got it. Picked it up in Santa Clara. XXL. 😎👍🇨🇺
I left him speechless like a instrumental🌊
YoungK to Jae: thank you for your hardwork~ HAHAHAHHA😂😂😂😂😂
I can’t wait to go on vacation 🏖
Look at Buzzfeed attorney’s letter to Cohen🤗 In discovery, Stormy is not under an NDA💥
skerrrrrsssss bro 👍👍👍
For you💐🍭🍬🍫🍡
Morning Looby...👍
only😊 respecting😊 women😊 you’re😊 attracted😊 to😊 isn’t😊 respecting😊 women😊
My friend made a video of my journey through Arabic Calligraphy ✒️✒️✒️ Sharing Islam through Art
Don’t Play With Me B/c Your Not Gonna Like The Way I Play Back 👌🏽
My mans has to be built. He just has to. Put me in checkkkk I want to CLIMB you 😭😭 THROW ME LMFAOOOO
Story of my life ordinary person just like you... day in day out BBC don't show it 🎶 legend, legend, I am a legend 🎶
De’Aaron Fox at the buzzer with the game on the line. AGAIN. 🦊🔥
It took me a while to get here🙌🏽🙌🏽
What did I just watch 😂
The best👉
"Madam President, watch your back!" 😬
dude I know that’s why I was like you better not be talking about me 😭🙄 and omg claudia you’re like my…
His teeth glisten in the night.♥️💞💞 Will I turn from him in fright? I'm lost in his heated gaze. I'm his for the rest of…
Thank you !! You too, you’ll be amazing 💞💞💞💞
We'll do mass tweeting hashtag  in 9 minutes. Are you ready NCTzens?😄
Right Dr. 😊😊👌👍
🧡Like this when you want me to send a gif starter to you🧡
finally got him one 😂😂😂
Nike Air Force by me 🌺
RT™:  "CDQ Is An Asshole" - Ifu Ennada Accuses...
👑WITNESS 👑
Why do I feel so lethargic right now 😩😩😩
Omg I can’t deal! He’s too cute! 😭
Fantastic threesome with horny milfs Rita Daniels &amp;Kim Anh 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
VOTING LADY GAGA  RT 🐙👶
i need to prove a point‼️ rt if you: -ever had to sacrifice your mental health to get a grade -ever cried because of schoo…
This got out of hand in a hurry 😳
is pretty good too 👀👀
Started a new  with this pig because it just wasn’t getting enough attention that he asked for an extension 😊 2/2/2…
Arrived at the airport and ran into Walt from Black Ink Crew! 😂 blackinkcrew
🤩STREAMGIVEAWAY🤩 ★M4A1-S ATOMIC ALLOY ST (MW) 15$ ★ ✅Follow + ✅ht…
It blows my mind when people say they've never stayed in a hotel before like I used to live in hotels for softball tournaments 😂🤦🏽‍♀️
Thank you for Following me! 😊 Followed back. 😃
i’ve seen a lot of folks on here with their favorite scenes from this video. here’s mine. 💦🔥
RT if you follow back!! 🇧🇴 Follow The First 100 People To Retweet This!! 🇧🇴  🔥  🔥
I like you but it’s complicated 🤷🏾‍♂️
NYC is a wonderland for steak lovers. Here are five of the city's wildest meat offerings. Which 🍖 are you digging into to…
Besiktas in the Champions League 😂😂
Damn, we old as hell 😂
Patreon content released! Lucoa Flashing 👀💦💦💦 Support me on Patreon! (:
i am a popular loner. i know alot of people. and alot of people know me but my circle small and usually by myself. ❤️
I surrender all (x2) All to Thee my Blessed Savior I surrender all! 🙏🏽
This is a must Watch and don’t laugh‼️ Walkout Student: “I have seen Kids come to School with Pliers”
lmfao amazing 😂😂😂
🌥️ ★ Shadow Daggers | Crimson Web Giveaway: ⛅️ CLICK 🌤️ Like + RT + Follow ☀️ Tag yo…
you don’t even work tonight so hush😂😂😂
So proud of my girlfriend but I miss her 😞
ay don’t worry I re-uploaded &amp; I gotchu 😊
😊😊😊😊 Good eve 😃
Blessed to receive my 14th offer from Western Kentucky University‼️
so true pass me the gin!!!🍸
NETBET 50 FREE SPINS 🎰 No Deposit Required 50 Free spins without depositing Use code OCR50FREE New Customers T&amp;Cs A…
This weeks  has arrived! 🎁  will receive £250 to spend on 👊🔥 To enter, si…
You so fucking precious when you smile 😊
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this🎣✅
New Picture of 💙
🎯Like this 🎯Retweet this 🎯Follow all retweets 🎯Follow all likes 🎯FOLLOW FOR FOLLOWBACK 🔥G.A.I.N. 0👉100🎯
Now y’all funny as fuck😂😂😂😂😂bc now I know why you said this
Temp. 17/18 Liga 1ª, 2ª y 2ªB MÁXIMOS GOLEADORES: 2⃣4⃣⚽️ Enric Gallego ( - Messi (
follow everyone who retweets this📝
RT if you cant wait to hear JLY on tour !! 😝 (louis really did THAT at KEY103 😍)  …
Lil Yachty’s first Fortnite win 😂
Never ..❤
My Best Friend 🖤
Hello guys, I really need this please 🙏🏽 I’m into wall designs using wall papers. I could make your wall come alive by using yo…
“ we dance for laughter, we dance for tears, we dance for madness, we dance for fears, we dance for hope.” 💗💗…
Choosing a new workout every day? Yes, please! Join me and we each get $30 off 🙌   …
I am so proud, I stand with every student today.  ✊🏽✊🏽✊🏽
Tune in NOW to 👂 on with  She's talking about the
Made my mom play the slap game 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂💯
"You better put that head up before you get it knocked off" Lavar Ball almost forgot that the TV cameras were around 😂…
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this🎤✅
My controller is gonna look so much better 😎
Finna Get My Weight Up On Y’all 💪🏾
Love these!!  Baby, you've been bad ✖️ Slide into latex and grab a paddle, for a delectable taste…
Craving lamb chops😋
Episode 6️⃣ of the  Show includes an exclusive interview with a review of February and a look ahead…
[V LIVE] 🐹 or 🐿💕
Watch the tempo 📷
I do... and none of these are it 🤮
RT: Residence Inn ResidenceInn  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
THIS 😩💞📌
Miss you so much 💔
Nothing hurts like being raised by a single mother while your father is alive and well off 😞😏
She suck dick with no hands🤨
WIN our new Hanover Zip Up Hoodie! TO ENTER: - Simply REPLY with your FAVOURITE, A, B or C! ✅ Available here &gt;&gt;&gt; htt…
HONESTLY! Like spend that money, can’t take it to the grave with you 🤷🏾‍♂️
⚠️❗️PLEASE HELP!! ⚠️❗️My little sister is MISSING!! 😭She was last seen in San Jose, CA. If you hear anything about her or se…
450° SPLASH !   👀
I would just simply add don’t watch CNN but the other 10 bullet points are punctilious 😉
For you💐🍭🍬🍫🍡
Just look at this cute puppy 😍
Prince Harry in Lesotho. 💕.. Happy Moshoeshoes Day Basotho ba Lesotho ba batle. Khotso Pula Nala 🇱🇸
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. - Stephen Hawking    👊🏽✌🏽🇵🇭
😂😂😂 I'm too weak ... yo wizzle n bizzle then gun range ?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 🎉 so happy to be able to celebrate with you I hope you’re day is filled with gifts and…
Younis khan blessed with a Second Son 😇😇😇 Masha ALLAH 🤗🤗
Ima Be With Whoever Makes Me Happy &amp; Idc How Nobody Feel 😌 .
The🔝So Retweet and Like 🔴Follow all that Retweet and Like🔵Follow all that reply IFB and Follows you✨Gain With
Momma is finally making Loaded chicken baked potato Mac &amp; cheese 😭😍😋
Bro got in the car and closed the door😂
RT: Great ideas, fun activities, and stem related classes this summer camp! Register Now! 🆒 🌞 🕰️
GUYSS WE HIT 6 MILLION OMGG ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I really got to go but there you are all naked and mine😈💋🔥💕
FUCK IT WE SMOKE BOTH IN THE DOOBIE 😤😤
If your kids ain’t hooping, keep them off the court😤🏀
RETWEET MY NEXT TWEET TO 🅱️E NEXT VIDEO'S SHOUTOUT! (CHOOSING 5) ALERT THE YEEMO GROUPCHATS! YOUR WEEKLY DOSE OF EMO…
got a smile that hide so much pain...🤦🏾‍♂️!!!
Oi you told me the 15th 😂😂😂
This clip 👇🏻 puts everything said at this mornings  into perspective.  https…
I like to remain friends with my exes as long as he's not a scumbag and an a**hole ... 🎤Friends we will be now and forev…
hello😃
I can't even sleep 😫😫😫😫 just because you refused to close ur legs 😫😫😫😫
Masculinity is NECESSARY for the SURVIVAL of OUR CIVILIZATION‼️ are INTIMIDATED by Masculinity b/c they’re sni…
How you sleeping with no pillows, are you a cat fam😂
i am sorry for giving fero weird toe boots, but sadly he would wear them so i had to do it 😔
Over riding feelings of emotions today brother 😀😀😀
For you💐🍭🍬🍫🍡
Happy birthday to one of fav actors ever. ❤️❤️
The homie Lil Wayne really made bobby valentino make a cop car noise for a whole song 🤣
Wow, Amazing! ❤💙💜MIA 💚💛❤ is broadcasting on ,come to join!
he’s sum slice 🤤🤤🤤🤤
When I look back on my life a year ago... oh man how God has blessed me 🙌🏽
🤣HEYEAYEAYEA JOSE! What's going on?🤣 Man Utd vs Sevilla: THE SONG!
Showcase 🏀Bucket-Getters🏀 ‘22 KK Graves ‘20 Kassidy Kenny ‘19 Taliyah Brown ‘23 Ellie Leffew ‘21 Halia M…
Get declined faithfully 😊
I’m still making FREE GFX! DM Me🤩 PLEASE SHARE, COMPLETELY FREE!
Thank you guys for tonight! 💛
Good afternoon everyone! 🌞💮
Chelsea Plays Enough But Barcelona Have  ♥️ And He Make The Difference, Why Not He Is The Best In the World…
Watching Arie propose pisses me off every time 🙄
[Toby] ▶and: ios:
if I see that damn picture of bbq on my tl again...😑
I love caressing &amp; all that touchy shit. 😩
— 😙🐝 © sentimental fly
Me please 🙏
Big cats are still cats 😂
Nothing better than a "F you" dress. 🔥🔥
Big cats are still cats 😂
If Her Nails Cost $50 Give Her Ass $49.98 Tell Her Ask Her Friends For The Rest Since Bitches Love Putting They Two Cents In 🤣…
My face always 💛
AHHH LUKE CONGRATS!!! I cannot wait to watch your strim!! 😆💜
Get your facts right...geez,why are you like this😕
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (5:30am - 6:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 140.4K+ ↗️🔥…
Ppl think it’s weird eating a kit kat whole I know I do it 🤷🏽‍♀️
1: ❣️Retweet this🖤 2: 🗝Like this🗝 3: 🖤Follow all who like and rt this❣️ 4: ❣️Follow back all that follow you🖤 5: 🗝Gain foll…
Waking my ma up to sign my report card 😕
My personality alone would make you fall in love 🤷🏾‍♂️
[ 180326  6TH MINI ALBUM &lt; SCHEDULER ✔️
His sister was one of my classmates 💀
Rain rain finally 😊☺
EXO-LS I NEED YOUR HELP! 😭🙏 I AM MESSAGING ALL THE EXO-LS IN THE WORLD TO HELP ME REACH 5K RETWEETS AND 8K LIKES. IT D…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (6:30am - 7:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 199.7K+ ↗️…
Ugly boy stay goin to sleep on me 😒
Follow the instructions tayo for bibigirl natin. 😘
This girl love young thug 🤦🏽‍♂️
My favorite sex position is holding hands 🤤😩
🤣🤣🤣🤣 thanks for proving my point.
😻 Morgana from Persona 5 😺 Custom Amiibo ENTER GIVEAWAY ↴ See how it’s made https://…
Anthony Martial epic nutmeg vs Andros Townsend 🔥🙈
Can we please retweet the hell out of Nigerian painter Oresegun Olumides work. DAMN 🔥🔥🔥
Yes😍 one of the positives because, you never gotta hear crap like 'Adida avala odhada avala'. Always hated the dire…
📲UPDATE II  is the second worldwide trend, KEEP SPREADING THE LOVE AND APPRECIATION 🙌 …
But very safe if the building catches fire 👍
today on SBS The Show! Congratulations! ✨
More like a pain in the ass 😬
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this🐏✅
Oh, you want to document mass madness??? 🤣🤣🤣
🌷RT &amp; mention please🌷    forty nine
📣📢📡📡📡eSTR NEWS UPDATE 🔔🔔🔔🔔 TOKEN SWAP IS NOW CLOSED. Those who met the deadline will receive new eSTR within 24hours. Ex…
Good morning Twitterworld 💗 Wishing you all a perfect day  🐾
the camera man lost it when they synced 😂
if you wanna make me happy on my birthday 🎁🐶
Saving my paycheck money to buy palette it’s a must 😭😭❤️
If we talking otp and all i fucking hear is the vibration from ya hoes texting you 😂😂😂😂 your ass gone hear that special tune…
She gave him her half of the biscuit...I can't even 😭😭
Clearly she’s the one who can’t keep her man 😂 why she tryna get at this other…
Tell me about it No idea 💡 👀 When i follow i do not unfollow and if they do unfollow me-Well Girl…
🙄🙄🙄🙄 why me though? this is so stressful. fuckoff.
Around 6 hours left to vote for the  category!! Let's give it our all till then end 💪 Vote on FB, IG &amp; the…
🌼🌼🌼🌼🌼🌼🌼🌼 I promise you.. Eventhough how many seasons will past.. even our time will past by.. I promise you that i won…
🎟️  🎟️ We have 3 pairs of tickets to v on Sunday to giveaway. Want them? RT/Foll…
No phone or media contact for one day per week ? Not a bad idea , mention it to Trump and watch the fun begin. 😂
Join us in Las Vegas.  RT by 11:59PM (PT) tonight for a chance to win. ▪️Two All-Tournament passes ▪️Flight g…
Oh just me then 😂😂
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this🌀✅
Act like you riden the stick 😛
SPRING BREAK 🌴☀️ JERSEY PARTY! 🏀⚽️🏈 MARCH 24th! DM FOR ADDY!! 🔥🎉
Not possible to hate you more but this? 🤬
Where it all began ❤🙏
Thalapathy reveals about his cinefield entry 👌 True respect &amp; huge fanbase stardom for his determination &amp; attitude that he…
🌈💧 With @ Glendale, California
🌎iTunes WW:  j-hope - Hope World [=] *6 days at
Sexy got glammed up to get fucked up the butt!🍑 Her new scene with is FUEGO 🔥🔥🔥 🔗…
Shot by yae hmu for serious inquires only ! DM me for more info 📸
Add my public page on snap! 🤤
Wearing my new badge at work with pride today! Thanks 🌈♥️👨🏽‍⚕️
🌎Live Sex Chat and Live Porn Shows 🌎Chat with 700+ Cam Girls Online 🔥 🔥 …
*SPOILER* HOW RIKU BROKE HIS KEYBLADE. Wait for it ... 😆
Living Lavish 🔌
🎱Retweet This Fast 💫 🔥Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet 🎱Follow back all that follow you 🔥Gain With👉
‼️✨ CAPITAL RADIO BEST FAN AWARD ✨‼️ Tweet -  RTS DO count NO LIMIT - so as much as you can Voting clos…
Damn. Berlin is 3h away by train from me but I'm working on weekend 🙄
All religion str8 out the window 🤣
💫 at the end of the road, I see you with me 💫
🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸 General Michael Thomas Flynn 🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸 Please Help  This Great Patriot! (Legal Funds Needed)…
Always good to see them lose 👍
How many times did this yute watch Black Panther because this accuracy has finished me this evening sjsjsjjsjsjsjsjs 😂😂😭 htt…
✔️Airplane ✈️
Congrats 💐💐💐
You crazy girl 😭
Imagine dating a guy/girl who is busy tweeting about polony the whole day😨
Bruh he was playing no games 😂
Anyone: Hey! Person with a Megan Fox profile picture with the 🍒 emoji somewhere in their bio and for some reason has 28.7k foll…
“the sun always shines above the clouds.” 🌥⛅️🌤
Yey barcelona 🙌🏽
Yup still available 👍🏻
Thank you Every follower pls you should read and RT Maxx. 🙏🙏
McDonald’s putting people in danger with them broke ass ice cream machines! 😂
if you was once my friend and you said i was cute before now you calling me ugly... you was always a fan FYTB😂
Please you guys should help a brother out and support my brand “hyga clothing”. Worked too hard for this 🙏🙏 …
Current hashtags to TREND for Yoongi’s birthday (March 9, 12AM KST): ➡️  ➡️
[🎮] I doubt no one can guess this but here’s a ‘guess the lyrics’ quiz! It’s (kind of) based off 3 lyrics (and probably…
Okkkkk... 10 more mins for the VISION OF BHARATH !!! Guyssss.. R u Readyyyyyyy ?!? 😁😁
TYRRELLS TUESDAY 🙌 Want to win some scrum'my treats for the weekend? Give a follow and tag the mate you’d shar…
The FIFA  - 💯 days to go!
He thanked the CEO, Kim Jongwan, Tablo, INFINITE members and ofc Inspirits 💙
More addon tutorials are coming soon(™)
omg maybe i love you..with all my heart 😂😈
My header 💘💘💘
Why do i even have a list of shows I need to watch when I just blatantly ignore it and watch things that aren't even on it 🙃
Tory lanez - Don't Die ....👏
🤥 With Sam Nunberg it appears to me he doesn't want to produce those emails between Roger Stone &amp; Steve Bannon. Why is th…
Trump reneged on his promise to make it illegal to import elephant trophies 🐘 are serene, majestic, gorg…
After 4 hrs I’ve got 2/3rd of my shopping for  Breakfast done 🤗 I can’t wait to cook up a feast with the men of…
i’m here for y’all 😊
It takes a female to get hurt to focus on school 🤔 that’s when I knew y’all was retarded
BAMBAM BIRTHDAY PROJECT 2018 Bucket Hat preview 💘
NEW RELEASE 📦 ONLINE NOW💥
Grow your account fast:💯 Gain 300 🤘followers 👌 Fast🏃 Follow everyone who Retweets🔥 Follow me😊 Reply IFB🔥 Let's gain P…
Pixel Cat always welcomes me home 😻
She’s gorgeous as hell 😭😭
Im sorry but fries w ranch are WAY BETTER than fries w ketchup 🤷🏻‍♀️
Well it seems that it's a pretty big deal to some people and "there" asskissing of said college graduate 😂😂😂
lol what you know bout that 👀🤷🏾‍♂️😂
me😴irl
1: Retweet and Like this tweet🍟✅ 2: Follow all who Like &amp; Retweet🍟✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🍟✅ 4: Gain Follower…
When your hair looks like anything everyone At work is complimenting you on how pretty it looks 😭😩
La reductio ad hitlerum? 😂
Here’s the CBX fanart I actually finished last week.👀👀
ONLY 👏 100 👏 DAYS 👏 UNTIL 👏 THE 👏 WORLD 👏 CUP👏
1M+ Views👍 with 200k+ Likes Common Dhfms Lets Make It Hugs
They deserve so much more 😢
PORTUGAL ARENA TOMORROW 🇵🇹 Shoutout to the fans at all times 🙏🏼
- 8 NEW SONGS - 1 Playlist - 13+ STREAMING SERVICES "BACKWOOD 3GS" OUT NOW Enjoy the trip 😉🚀 FREE ON YOUTUBE : https://t.…
Thanks you 🙂
is trending. 🇺🇸
Please play on the loose by Niall 👌😍
yixing kissing yixing is the best concept to ever exist 💘
When Henny in the system 😈
|| Welcome! 💕
Rt ...if u trust in God ☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺…
Make sure you guys are using  as much as you can🤗-J
“Como yo” de . ft es  CrossOver COL! 🔥1️⃣🔥💫🔥😍🇨🇴
You should definitely DM him guys ♥️
Looool that episode Julius said his family had to split a happy meal and chris got the ice🤣🤣🤣
how's your week going? Please Follow “SomethingLikeKites” on Instagram📷 I Motivate, I’m Verified &amp;…
please stop. 🤣🤣🤦🏾‍♀️
Sometimes you gotta let a mf miss you 🙄
Your page is so Awesome, just visited there 🎥🎬🎵⭐🎤😎
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (3:30am - 4:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 128.4K+ ↘️…
Magician of the year 😂😂😂 Love this
Bro i just seen this 😂
God forgive u 😢😢
New Roof Mission Video will be out tomorrow around 6pm-8pm!👍
[ ✈️ Miss you already 😢💦
😂😂😂😂 yo non science people are hilarious. Pain meds numb your brains ability to feel pain they don't treat the pain itself…
feeling yummy🐾
🤔 you right, light skin niggas(women) be tryin
Me when I hear Pooh Bear speak 😭😭
Crazy bird😲 lovely 🕊
[YOUTUBE 📊] "Airplane" by J-Hope just reached the 4M views milestone! 🎉 ARMY, keep streaming, liking and shar…
Fun fact. 😎
🤭 miss u
Give me a 2hr delay tomorrow and I’ll be happy 😊
- 🌻🌻🌻 - Dear bestfriend, Stay with me because u r my last treasure 💕
Everyone is condemning and thats how its still on top.. allow me to condom it too 😂😂😂
It's all the recalled polony 😂😅
I won’t be truly happy until Game of Thrones season 8 premiers 😭
Already crying.🙂
Good One 😹😹
God Bless You Conner!! ❤️🙏❤️
Coons 😒
Lovely song 👌🏼💯
Casual Incubus looks😈
I am not one bit excited for the toilets at life 😭
✅Went to the store... It was horrid. Middle size anxiety attack ✅Eat
When a chicken gets to meet before you 😐😭
🗣 Eric B. and Rakim set to tour for the first time in 25 years.
Shaq is truly one of a kind 😂 Happy Birthday,
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
New York 😍
All praise to the most high bless up🙏🏽
We dedicate this Tuesday to  voice 😍 More
Presenting to you   Bieber 😜 Catch his full clip on 😍
cool w/ a bunch of bluffin ass people😭
No it didn’t. He changed his handle because but jobs won’t leave him alone. 😂
😹 Let’s get the taste of Monday out of our mouths
Omg I love this pic sent me. 🔥🔥🔥
I ain’t seen none of my old things upgrade yet 🤷🏽‍♂️
📝 to self: 👸 don’t quit. They conquer!
You knew he was going to murder the freestyle once he passed the blunt 🤣🤣
Goodnight Sponge 😒
To our dearest 구름이 형,☁️☁️ Thank you for giving us strength when we are exhausted, thank you for bringing us laughter when…
Wouldn’t be surprised if you done this🙄
Subscribe to my YouTube channel if you wanna hear Bangers every week ❗️🔥 (don’t mind the name ,can’t change it , ma…
See Teddy face 😂😂😂.. Koko is coming back.. Be prepared 😂😂😂
👉 For Quick Hookups, DM or click to get Love Partners for Marriage or Casual sex…
Pasting has begun ✊
claudialnelson rockin wit the  cover 😁✊🏾 New playlist droppin soon on spotify &amp;
🐾BUDDY🐾 is homeless Please RT
How can you hate from outside the chum bucket? You can’t even get in👀
So nice of you❤️
Tonight!!! Shadowhunters S3 premiere!! XO 💋
I am not into blonde girls actually 😅
Ate 😘 What your Insight on the government's "Build, build, build" program?
I can already for the energy from the team 🔥🔥🔥  ‼️‼️🐾🐾🐅🐅
It’s crazy how ppl think they know my life 😂
Good morning Twitterworld 💗 Rise and shine... or maybe just hide 😜 Thanking you all for your constant kindness and wishin…
Walked into a class of 200 to give this to a girl and got this text I’m dead 😂
Cheesing about your Panini 2018 World Cup sticker. 😃  📷
boys volleyball home game tomorrow!! north gym at 6 against buchanan!! come support! 🏐💙💛
😂 no fr
What blew me was I had to go ALL the way to my car and get it 🙄🤦🏾‍♀️
I absolutely hate being bored , this shit ain’t for me 🤷🏻‍♀️
See you later on ❤️😘
Follow ❇️❇️❇️❇️❇️👉 👈❇️❇️❇️❇️❇️
🎂 Parabéns ＠10Ronaldinho! Happy birthday! 🇧🇷🤙 Celebrate the Brazilian star's birthday with his best goals 🔝⚽ …
"He's like a complicated painting that demands time and space to be appreciated." 😁 if this doesn't sound like me I don't know 🌚😂
I had crush on her 😍
WTF😂😂OMG!!! Fake news is RREAL NEWS😂😂!!!
are probably my fav.😂
me when hear Good Love lol **Ren-naaa😂 this kid❤
LMAO They Lit Asf..✨🔥
appreciate those simple efforts pls 🙃
That’s what I like to hear, “EARLY 2000s BABIES” we relate to everything the 90s babies do❗️💯 tired of us being thrown with…
In need of a full bod massage 😩
Momento FAV 💖💘
Dong Sicheng🤔
Remember what’s truly important, the love of those worthy to share your present and future 😘💕❤️  https://…
RT: Emirates airline emirates ✈ 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Odunlade and Toyin Abraham together as a couple is crazy 😂😭😭😭
170528 Chorong   ( Give 'n Race Marathon Mercedes Benz Event by 첫봄 The First Spring 🐼DO NOT EDI…
Wishing the vivacious actress,  a very Happy Birthday and the best of luck for her upcoming movie 😃…
You should be Biebs💕
Y'all. Favor is mine 🙏😊
I like being alone so much I even get bored when I'm around people for too long 😒😥
pls rt if u see this 👇🏻🤞🏻
📷 EXCLUSIVO - 04.03 | respondendo fãs no painel da Daniel Sharman answering fans at t…
2 Years ago Today... 🤗
they really did it omg i love u @ jollibee 😢💗
I’ve been acting like my final test ain’t shit ,but fuck now I’m nervous. I got this though💯
Save lives! Go Vegan💚 💔🐷💔
Something I’d try to blow the school up for. God thank you for not giving me kids when I thought I needed kids 😭
Watch more Free HD Belami  on 👉 Try Belami for just $2 👈 Euroboys on …
rt this to gain bts stan mutual, follow everyone who retweet this and make sure to follow back 👉 follow 👈…
NEW SINGLE-GAME FRANCHISE REBOUNDING RECORD FOR DWIGHT HOWARD!!! 💪💪💪
Aminnnn 💞
Wish i could have seen that😂😜
LeBron after schooling Jakob Poeltl: “Get his a— outta here!” 👑
“Perfection is now within grasp.” "Performance and style perfect for a king." BIG REVEAL ON 3.22.18! 💙
17 assists and 0 turnovers.... 🤦🏽‍♂️
Haha feel that way today ? 😂
MIC Drop [Steve Aoki Remix] has become 7th music video to surpass a total of 200 MILLION+ views! 🎤
or da messy ass friends throwing hints tryna let it be known 😂🤣🙄
Now here's a handsome hunk... It is no fluke That gorgeous boy Duke Has got into your heart He's a work of art! 😜
Zylofon has Won again oooo ..shatta movement can I hear champioooooooon🙏🏽🙏🏽💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💰💰💰…
my friends little brother and sister bruhh 😫😂😂😂💀
💥HUGE  Maroon 2015  1500! 4x4, Full Double Cab, Added Chrome Step Bars, Bed Li…
Can’t wait for comeback. Beats everyone out there for me 👊
Odell got this wedding reception lit 🔥😂
me seeing anything: Its A Sign™️
GETTING A JOB ON  BE LIKE😂😂😂 (LIKE&amp;RT)
Yummy 👅
Now that my surgery is scheduled, I need to figure out who the unfortunate soul is that gets to help me out of bed to pee all week is 😂
I might want you , but I don’t need you bitch .🤣
🔥Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy arrested as evidence shows that he received MILLIONS of euros in *illegal finan…
Love is the end 💜
SMALL GIVEAWAY FOR XIUMIN AND SEHUN'S BIRTHDAY! 🎉 🦋MBF 🌎WORLDWIDE (2 WINNERS) 👉🏻READ THE RULES BELOW 👀 If you didn't follow y…
I can't stand her 😂😂
Thanks Steve 😂
Leeds: Just two more sleeps until our game at  against 🔗Tickets on sale via link in...
I remember my ex used to just drop money in my account without telling me 😩 I used to be like “ where this $200 come from “ ?
🔳RT this✔️ 🔲Follow all who RT this✔️ 🔳Follow back all who follow you✔️ 🔲Gain lots!✔️
🌸Blessing your timeline with soft Cheol that you don't usually get 🌸
⛔️ Office 365 hat Probleme seit 04:30 CET. 👉 RT hat auch Probleme
How you think bout that? How you think bout that? 🙌
💥Free Live Sex Cams 💥Live sex cams and adult chat for free. 🌀 🌀 🌀 https://t.…
Gotta be a lil professional I guess 😂
Thank you for coming to our Fukuoka performance today😊 The members were super excited because of your enthusiasm😆 Let's meet…
yes, yoongi. treat yourself 😔✊
❤❤❤ Follow me first 🌻
Happy birthday ate 🎂🎁🎉🎊 Stay pretty and mabait😊 Thank you sa mga advice mo sakin datihihi💖 God bless you always😊keep slayin🔥💯
Follow everyone who like and retweet this Follow 🔥🔥🔥
love it 😭
You Are Loved  💗
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST HUMAN BEING IN THE WORLD💛👑thank you for making my days brighter, i hope you have the mos…
Safflower Gold some veggies and fruit. Used to 🎏 for golf balls, the reason I came to Texas, but on…
“ i ThOUgHT yaLl WaS OvEr “ bitch we did to , mind your damn business 😩🤦🏾‍♀️
🎂 Happy Birthday to Sungwoon, and rest well my boys. 💕
So proud of you!💗 Can't to hear the rest of the album!
Thats our leader 🌻❣️
It may be you🤷🏾‍♂️
There’s a reason it’s called ‘down dog’ 😉
Drag them Katie 💁‍♂️
That’s exactly the face! 😁👍🏾
Lol I was trying hard not to judge but I couldn't keep it in 😂🤣🤣🤣
Who do Sean think he is 🤣
HUNTA-422 🔞   🎬 Full Movie A 🎬 Full Movie B …
Nice one ☝️, will be there to support u
Haha....!!!! 🕺He’s got as much energy and enthusias…
Nigga birthday tomorrow 😆 I’m off today 😎
Smidge is about the nap life 🤔😴
Guard position son 🤗
I think the upc coding help as in another package sent as same time, 21 century 👣.
this is obviously a duel for Xiumin's love on his birthday 💕
vidyabalanfan with repostsaveapp ・・・ Throwback from an ad shoot!!😍😍 ❤️❤️…
Rainy weather and traffic 🙆
i wish the chairs at school were big enough to sit crisscross applesauce 😂😭
My sweet dad and the cuteness of my niece. 😇😍❤  querido papai... E obrigado por me ensinar a construir…
Good job Starbucks 😍😉😌
But this is Alcorn😩
bowling date 🎳
🔥 This game 🔥
HOLD TF UP 21 SAVAGE GOT A MOVIE COMIN OUT 😭😭😭 NIGGA I RAN TO TWEET THIS SHIT
You wanna pull up and sleep? Let’s do that. ☺️❤️
This is early but I wanna post it early ! 💛 it gives me time to get everything (: everything pictured ( SEE PI…
The groomer did him dirty 😭
gon head 😩💔😍
WANTS TO REALLY BOOST  FAST? 🆙 🆙
My sister snapped me this, but I feel like it deserves to be seen by so many more 😭
Dear Winter, LET👏🏾IT👏🏾THE FUCK👏🏾GO👏🏾! BITCH IT’S MARCH!
I may not have many followers becoz I am new in this acnt. Yet my love &amp; loyalty for Jadine are constant &amp; immovable.💪
meaning you dont condone your blackness 😂😂
but you and your network supported 🤷🏽‍♀️ you did so explicitly and implicitly by not hold…
You always gassing me up, I appreciate you 💖
Townview students going for a ride with bikes and helmets provided by as part of a unit on 🚲 🚲. …
Follow everyone who retweets this🐶
New Released Ouji Outfits: Immortal Thorn [-👑-The Forever Prince-👑-] Series ◆ Shopping Link &gt;&gt;&gt; …
👑Under Armour Rubber Shoes -REPLICA ❤Php: 1200 💋High Quality 💋Imported Quality 💋Made in Vietnam 🎀Size: 36-40 💕Code…
Mayhem AR-15 giveaway! ✔️ Follow me ✔️ Retweet ✔️ Like ✔️ Tag 2…
What a day 😴
The Greatest Nation🇺🇸Defended by the Bravest Soldiers ❤🇺🇸I will Forever be Grateful! God Bless America🙏🇺🇸🇺🇸
Found this in Naver image search. So cute and inspiring 🐰🐱 thank to who made this!! Such a synergy when these two are togeth…
I figured a win for you might cheer up a previously miserable couple of weeks? Fingers crossed 🤞🤞🤞
I noticed that the real females don’t ask for nothing 💯 all they want is for somebody to show em attention spend time wi…
RECAP ❤️75❤️ favorites for to drop it Poor[🌎] / GBT
Thank you Danny Oppa. In time for White Day I'm glad. ❤
Riverdale High 👡 Riverdale 👡 Against Central 👡!  💞💕💘
Neither 🤦🏾‍♂️
Omg shut up!! I love her 😍
180322 mlbkorea IG Update - MLB X EXO   💕
OH MY, MYLES TURNER! 😤
Ebi like Woyome dey watch Prison Break just a day after Martin Amidu’s appointment as the Special Prosecutor 😂 …
It’s sucks being up late as hell in your feelings 😕
Which show are u going to? 😭😭
His birthday is on 4/20 🌲🌬🤦🏽‍♀️ lol
Hala!.... Watch this: Tama steps ni Inigo.😂💙
spread love 💙
I need to start going to the gym, summer is around the corner and I definitely don’t have my bod ready 😩
she’s so precious 😍
- giveaway - ends 4/03/18 • just rt and like to participate ( international) ✨• (1)digital copy of “Call Me By Y…
👈🏻👈🏻👈🏻 100% legit
Thank you Brehmer! 💕
thank you for having me!💙
And it’s like that!!!! 👀🔥
Good night my beautiful engineer(Gentill)😂😂😂😂😂😂💐
1: 🍷Retweet this♦️ 2: 👄Like this🕸 3: 🕸Follow all who like and rt this👄 4: ♦️Follow back all that follow you🍷 5: 🍷Gain follo…
people think just because you dont post shit , you dont have shit... BITCH ❗️ the only thing i don’t have is a point to prove…
Somewhere on south beach 👅
☹️ Peter Pan’s Creamy Honey Roasted 🤤🤤🤤
Burn the spirit before you go🚬
The realest beef be ya heart vs ya mind 😩.
Damn fr 🧐
What a week! I got 24 Replies &amp; 30 Retweets - 🚀 Grow your followers with
They say if U find just ONE true friend in your lifetime, you have been truly blessed 🙂🙏🏽This pic was taken October/2016.…
Look cause I got em shook 😛
First Place for Xclusive + hit zero💙✖️
Confidence is key 🗝
Great performance and big win team! Keep working! 🦈💙
WAKANDA FOREVER ✊🏾
180228 MBN Y HQ like a 👶🏻😽
Who else has done absolutely nothing today? 😇
You can tell mfs ain’t never had shit before 🤦🏻‍♀️. Always tweeting about what they finna get or what they got
Today is the last day to vote!
How unbothered I am about to be laying on the beach for a week. 5 more days ☀️👙🍹
If we know each other and you date my ex, I will unfollow you.😪
Will do! I’ll be working to make more product before the Old 97s County Fair. 😉
“Bwoi, yo ass standing like you always getting cheated on. ‘I got my heart broken , agaaainnn.. uglaaahhh bwoi” 😭😩😩🤣🤣😂🤣
Wondering how to use your shiny new 2 for 1 companion voucher?🤷‍♂️ Wonder no more 😊✈️🍾🏆. https://t…
JR Smith x Supreme 👀
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (2:30am - 3:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 211.8K+ ↘️…
check DMs please it would really cheer me up a lot 💙
haven’t eaten anything all day going ✈️ skinnyland
🗣🗣 David Nation - I Know ( Official Video ) via
🎞 | First look at Tom for the  (Via artvargas on Instagram)
Love will always overcome hate ❤️
WTF is this mood😑😒😒
Maymay you are worthy ❤ Mega
today ends the voting for best boy band award. let‘s vote to the fullest! 💘 TO WHOEVER ARMY SEES THIS, RETWEET, REPLY AT…
ARMY!!!! Here's a list of our favourite BTS quotes 😉 Can y'all remember who said these?
Famas | Roll Cage (FT- 3,5€) GIVEAWAY! 💰 🎲Retweet 🎲Follow 🎲Tag 2 Friends 🎲Subscribe on YouTube This giveaway is again week…
🙂 Good morning friends 🤗🙋‍♀️🐱🐾 Happy Saturday and wonderful weekend for all! 👇😍😻🐾😻😍😘😘😘
*Goes in raw *She gets on top Him: “call me daddy” Her: “Daddy 😩” Him: ”say it again” Her: “Daddyy” Him: “I’m about to nu…
I miss my aldub. ❤️
The shit i give I don’t get in return.🤦🏽‍♂️🤐
Read my lips💋. Tonight is the night! Good luck to all the nominees! I’m so excited to be up on stage to honor tonight’s winne…
me🐟irl
Awwaaaaaaa !! 😍😍 My babies's charming smile stole my soul and took my breathe away Enjoy a happy and beautiful m…
I love him 😢♥️
Me because I show my butthole to the world!!😛
getcho 💰’s worth Boo! 😜
| Dunkirk won an Oscar for Sound Editing! Congrats to everyone involved 🍾
Forever fandom friends of EXO-Ls: EXO-Ls❤ *Reveluvz *Vips *Cassiopeias…
Voting ends in a few hours!! Every RT is A VOTE! -Nathan 💛    …
&lt;KBS2 Battle Trip&gt; Highlight mentioned BTS 👤 family movie? Dojoon : Korean TV show Kikwang : (they noticed us) Thanks to Kpop…
Amazing  👓
“BILL COSBY JR” - 😂😂😂
lol I’ve been there b4. 😆 but I don’t think so. It’s Top shelf ✌️😊👍 🎸
🎥 Performance Alert 🎥 Samthing Soweto - Akanamali His voice is an Instrument on its own. This Performance is amazin…
I’m Bored 😐
My dog is sick 😔
📷 | Shawn at the “Night Before”  in Los Angeles! he looks SO good March 4, 2018
Can't say about but ka bubble to kya jhag b nhi bacha 😝😝😝
Happy Valentine's Day  What's your favorite track? 💕
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (8:00am - 9:00am) 1. BTSARMY - 240.5K+ ↗️…
I can blow $400 in two days &amp; then make $26.50 last a whole week 🤧
WE ARE FINALLY FREE FROM THE   CATEGORY 🎉🎉🎉 GOOD JOB ARMYS FOR WORKING HARD
She never posted candids since i hv been seeing. Naya naya bhoot chadha h madam par 🌚
My mini Mercy, teddy don’t die ;___; ✨❤️    …
Hahah omg 😂 love it!
CHENLE'S VOICE 😭😭💕💕
🔥🔥🔥 Chest &amp; Delts this morning with - This was a horror session! 💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼 Followed…
Awww shit he paying 4 pussy when all dis free noonie outchea 😂😂 all I got was a “😂😂😂😂” reply so u know what dat mean
2018 💥Register to vote 🆔required at polls (pic 2) 🕕polling hours 6am-6pm ✉️4/10-4/30 ab…
Triggered!👍😂👍
White and neon colors on brown skin girls 😍😍🤩 Suhhh, y’all cute asf. 😍 I’m up next, I just want it to be hot fr.
better explained in person 😂
Queens 💥🔥
this is SO TRUE. u boys cheat on a girl multiple times &amp; lie then call her crazy 😂😭 like wtf
Wonpil is forever so cute he was so hyped up during Dance Dance 🤗
Bitttccchhhhhh😂
thankyou so much mai 😭😭💕💕 i think i just need time 😢💔
emotional fem♀
This was a bop oms 😭
When you’re in denial that you have to wake up and get out of bed😂
You prob won’t be a lot of things 🤷🏽‍♂️... all smiles over here 😀
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (3:30am - 4:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 163.9K+ ↘️…
Larry Nance going full savage 😈
I can see why Liberals want  This looks so enticing. 🤦🏼‍♀️ This POS kicks &amp; threatens these two women be…
squad 📹IG: hinaosora
can one thing in my life go right ?? just one 🤦🏽‍♀️
Vibe Velvet 🔥 Back in stock now at
Thanking him for another good day😊
Jinhwan : *talking in japanese* Bobby : *in english* Hanbin : senorita 😂😂 June : *in chinese* Donghyuk : shld i do the korea…
Homesick 💔
Lionel Messi makes the difference once again! 💥  1-0
Very important victory 🔴🔵
Follow everyone who RETWEET this👅
⚡️ “Lonzo Takes Over Fourth Quarter, Leads 5th Straight Win”
Great event last night! We had fun💙💛
May the tekkers be with him in heaven 😇
Y'ALL BETTER SUPPORT MY GORGEOUS AND INTELLIGENT BESTFRIEND!!! AND HER WHOLE PARTY ✨💞 Shania for presi…
Y’all girls love playinn till dat nail break 🤣🤷🏽‍♂️
The king 👑
let me &amp; my man go to a party together 😩
HE ANSWERED ME 😭😭😭😭😭
my pride never in the way 😩 if I care or feel some way about something you going know 💯
Really you are doing a great job 👍👍
I got trust issues but I really do fuck with you 💯
My grandma just put me and Ethan in and group chat and said “Hi Grethan!” 😩
That dude saying “grab her nalgas” in the background wtf😂
your MCM could never. PawPaw is forever a legend. 😂😂
Officially official. 4.38 for 🔥
BEST COUPLE IN RBD IDC LETS ARGUE😂👏🏻!!!
why use guns😢
Proud to be the 2,108th 😎 on for Museum. Thanks
Sunday roast 😋😋😋 no need for dead animals on your plate!
It’s my bed since sometimes I make you sleep on the floor 🤭
📸 Sky blue breakthrough - 35 secs into the second half Man City 1-0 Chelsea (57 mins)
It’s Sad When You Don’t Even Fuck With The Person You Use To Talk To Everyday 😒
If this was your Dog, what would you do? 😨😱😓
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (1:30am - 2:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 484.4K+ ↘️…
“Daydream” by J-Hope is less than 600K views away from hitting 20M views on YouTube‼️ ARMY, keep the great w…
Just watch Colbert’s trip to the hill. Hilarious!!! Colbert 🤨, has his own emoji !!
This video makes me so happy 😍 I love my baby, happy 18 months Elle Lively 🤩
Arsenal needs change like Nigeria 🚶🏼🚶🏼🚶🏼🚶🏼
Def what I’m thinking 😂😂😂🤪🤪
Found the beginning of the video 😂😂😂😂
Spring break in a week 😃😃😃
Never trust a dog wearing pom poms 🐩.....
Missed this so much 🙈 the glory is Yours, Lord God ☝️ Thank you everyone!!!!!!! As in kayo…
that smile 😍😍
Follow ME 👼 Follow 😎 Follow everyone who LIKES and RETWEETS this tweet. And don't forget to follow back…
ARMIES NO SUCH THING AS A LOVE THATS BETTER THAN YOUR LOVE ARMIES ❤️ →
[ 180305 HAPPY BIRTHDAY MJ❤
I was at Denny’s at 2am and I didn’t get these. My biggest regret 😭
So sorry Jessie ❤
171124 A Go by sehun (sehun solo) from, The EℓyXiOn 📺
Imagine if they said alcohol had  😂😂😂SA would be a mess
If you’re banking with US Bank, Wells Fargo, PNC or any other bank/ Credit Union 🏦 hit me up now to find out how you can ma…
🎁GUT KNIFE STREAM GIVEAWAY! ✅MUST BE FOLLOWING: ✅Must Retweet ✅MUST SUBSCRIBE: …
Today 🖤
New account! Retweet this and follow if you wanna get down and dirty in the DM!😈💦
yooooo this song was a bop in 2013 😭
LB Tremaine Edmunds ( runs a 4.55u 40-yard dash!  📺: …
Confirm Genotype before saying "babe, I love you" blindly Save yourself from time wasting 🚶🏼✌🏼
I’m so tired 😓
Me Right Now:Totally Broke😢 ElyxioninManila is...😢😢😢😢    …
Emma G 2020 - go for it, run and against pig 🐷 man!
HAHAHA what are you doing yeol?😂 cr.soobiscuits
🚨The official voting ends TODAY🚨 500 RT’s = 500 VOTES 100 REPLIES = 100 VOTES Let's bring home a win for
its a blessed sunday!!!! ☺
I'm Still Trying To Process What Happened Today, A Boy From Bariga/Lagos 🇳🇬 Promoted To A Sergeant In United States Army 🇺🇸. I…
The list keeps on getting bigger 😌
ARMY 🔔 Start using → ‘DAYDREAM JHOPE’ for iHeart 10:00PM Mass Vote! Continue to stream Daydream + tag to mainta…
Lol just as soon as this lovely lady come along 💁🏽‍♀️😌
Honestly tired of looking for love. Uzongthola ng'blomme emlanjeni, fam😊
Indonesia Shawols Giveaway! Entry : pic 👇👇
For ever if I'm far away I hold you in my heart I sing a secret song to you Each night we are apart Remember me. 🎵🎶❤
Hate driving for long periods of time like that one time I drove to El Paso for sun city 🤦🏿‍♂️ I was bout damn near…
Man I love Chicago 😭😭😭😭😭
she her mommy’s little girl but she’s a GROWN lady 😂😍 hey MyMy
drinking on a Sunday 😩🥃😂🤦🏼‍♀️
Sorry ❤
Somewhere in Europe ❓: This guy fought bravely to save his girl &amp; himself against this mob❗️
Happy Birthday to our cutest princess Roo!!!!💖
Damn he raised her right !!!😂😭
Took pictures of these cuties today 😍 let me know if you're interested in getting your pictures done! …
💦Best Live Sexy Webcams [1000+ FREE] 🌊 Best live porn webcams 💥 💥 💥 https:/…
god they lowered the key andㅠㅠㅠㅠ its him😂
Please put all your time and effort on BEST FAN ARMY from now💡 We are not willing to waste our time when best boy band i…
Saw this in my files again...bagay sa !😊🌊☀️
My QUEEN 😍
These girls😭😭❤️❤️❤️
🌸 TEAM HARRY || 2ND GOAL - 500 RTS - 1K REPLIES - 2 MINUTES I want everyone replying, not just one or two people! HARRY…
This man is a genius 😂
imagine going to pick your son up from preschool &amp; you walk in and see this..... 😂😂
this is the best video on the internet 😂😂
You're as basic as your meme deals 😂😂😂
turn on my notifications if you want to gain followers✂️
☕️ MIRACLE OF MAY  🎂5/10 ~ 5/13 in seoul COMING SOON 💨
Radford clinches their first March Madness berth since 2009 🚨 (via
🌎Live Sex Chat and Live Porn Shows 🌎Chat with 700+ Cam Girls Online 🔥 🔥 🔥 ht…
Francys Belle takes a huge load of cum to her shaven pussy! JOIN NOW! to enjoy the complete scene ✨…
Customer gifted me Irish Daffodils 🌼
*goes to restaurant by myself* sees the finest men in the world 🤦🏾‍♀️
😶🙈 Haha sketch of 002 in two alternative versions 👀 not usual for me 😶 _
RT to be the next TFIL shoutout! FACING HIS BIGGEST FEAR! 😳
OMB meet &amp; greet coming soon!😈
Yoga is hard but honestly the hardest part is trying to hold in a fart while holding those poses 🕺🏻💨
Hello Nicki, you could help me with a homework of the school. The project equals 60% qualification. Please!!😭😭
Don’t forget 🤷🏾‍♂️   🐯
Legit! 😁🙊
It's increasingly hard to ignore. 👉
I C O N I C 🗣
✨GIVEAWAY✨ [PC ONLY] GIVING THIS WHOLE CAR AWAY TO 1 WINNER! TW ZOMBAS , TW, OCTANE , TW LONE WOLF DECAL MUST FOLLOW +…
Goodble Messenger😂😭
A motherfuckin iconic TRIO🙌🏾❤️
No disrespect but I thought this was David Spade 😭😭😭
If my family don’t have an egg hunt for the adults, I’m NOT attending 😏
Her: I’m hungry Me:What you want to eat? Her: Your dick😋 Me:
I’m done bitching , I’m done getting mad 😌 &amp; I’m done repeating myself 🤷🏽‍♀️
Wow, Amazing! 👑SURTI💄 is broadcasting on ,come to join!
The one you’ve been waiting for... of stars on the cover of Glass Men Spring 2018 🌟 We ha…
[STREAM LINK] 180326 Kai @ Mircale That We Met: The Beginning 🕙 10PM KST …
I agree with Never heard of this &amp; don’t know what it means 🤷🏼‍♀️
Congrats!!!!!🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
I added a video to a playlist 🔥 Balanced Santa cruz Vloggin 🏄‍♂️
😂😂 don't do that!
L O Y A L 🤔
Stalking food porn is making me hungry😕💞
24 hour stream LIVE NOW‼️
If you grab my throat all Ima do is smile 😆😊
Remember Me !!🎸💀👦🎸
You bitches mad weird 🅿️
Trying to breathe my way through this Mercury Retrograde...😩🙏🏾💯😂
JGH... Day well spent😊💖 w/
Just picked three lads up for the from and got them on their way 😁
😎 __**l do not have to devote to empty unnecessary people..! **😏🌎✔⚫⚫
agreed.💖
🔽Bang with Me at 🔽 ⏭🌶🔞⏪ porn Bears sex tits xxx Fam Sextreme nsfw Pass video Art Multimedia
I found a love for me, oh darling just dive right in and follow my lead 💕
JENO LOVES JADEN 😭 I WISH WE COULD LISTEN TO THE ENTIRE SYRE ALBUM TOGETHER
All i eat is 🍏🍎🍐🍊🍋🍌🍉🍇🍓🥝🥥🍍🍑 now. With a veggie burger on the side. 😩
i love u — i love u more 💗
This shit got me crying 😭😭
i do love banana as the same as i love jeon wonwoo🍌💞 i cannot live without these two
Yall Stallions ain’t it? 😂 issa whip
Just a sleepy girl with a really busy schedule 🍃
minseok’s face while hes explaning to kyungsoo what happened hahaha so cute 🤣
Well said, 👌🏻 Keep it up!
Omg!! We have  scenes this week! Finally!! 💯😎🖤
Be alert🚨  wants to invade  and wants US support. just appointed  puppet to Sec of State, who…
ATTENTION‼️ Make sure you download the WKYJ RADIO APP, Its Free, and tune in tonight from 7PM-10PM CST. DON'T MISS…
Nigga smacked one ass on spring break now he Mr. Miami open for booking. 🤦🏽‍♂️😂
jongdae doing his trendy dance move and chanyeol being a copycat 😂😂
Kemba took over 🔥
Liquidated long on XBTUSD: Sell 329,045 @ 7925.5 💯💯💯
“Lesbian sex isn’t real sex” is that why I can make a girl cum repeatedly &amp; she gotta fake with you? Boiiii👋🏼
My Nephew: Kevin are you rich? Me: No, no way My Nephew: Then are you broken? Me: lol yea, I’m broken that’s correct 😂
CITY GOING CRAZY 🗽 Tryna get it got ya asap!! why u pushed me like that ? Hit up so he can dro…
any 5 Hydra Matte liquid lipsticks of your choice 💋💄 Must be following both of us ✨ https://t…
The go to summer holiday this June ☀️ Less than 💯 days to go Escape with us to Tenerife 🏖  🔻🔻🔻🔻 h…
My dad had other ideas.. 😂
retweet the gain tweet below for a shoutout 💭 picking right now
One bot to six 😂
Kind words ♥️ loved it.... Tks
Check out my gallery 👀🔞
happy birthday loves💓🎉
the weather weve been having just puts u in such a good mood , roll on summerrr✌🏼💛☀️😆🌻🍯
More  💛💛
Happy Birthday to  Lisa!  🎉 Catch up with her:
Love Lies has reached a NEW PEAK on US streaming charts and is now  (+3)!🇺🇸
If Facebook is Titanic, Mark is Zucker-Berg... 😂😂
Only photograph what you love 🍄
1: Retweet this✅💦 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet✅💦 3: Follow back all that follow you✅💦 4: Gain with  🔥
How hard can it be to kick a drop goal at the Olympic stadium!!! 😂💥 *mic drop*
It's finally live. "Roots" fan-made music video😊
Today, Monday I witness that it is a “Dont touch me , Don talk to me” type a day 😒
The girl with the prettiest eyes 👀  cr.
Rest easy my angel ♥️
ifb just follow me first💜
Soco Video tmrw💫🌟
my LTE isn’t working wtffffff 😃😃😃😃😃
Happy birthday to meeee ✨🎉🎉
This tweet is getting the ☠️☠️☠️ treatment it deserves following today’s developments
Pocahontas over Aladdin may go down as one of the biggest upsets in history. That genie is a matchup nightmare. 🧞‍♂️
▶Under Congress's govt in Haryana, one had to pay ₹ 1000 as Bribe, now under BJP its become ₹ 5000. ▶Delhi is the first…
Your girl just trying so please don't hate😂 500 RTs and I'm uploading the  instrumental.
How were the steps counted? My son is curious ☺️
I’m dying 😂😂😂😂😂
that nigga Will said “gimme your number before I don’t want it no more” 💀
Fan Edit 😄
I went to the wrong high school 😂😂
Me at the back, seeing you with someone else 😞
YES YES YES 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
🎀 Follow 🌹
👏🏾 for 👏🏾 life 👏🏾 Take a peek into the life of and Baby Junie TONIGHT 9/8c on the premi…
Where are the Gatekeepers?🙏🙌🏽
If you’re going to do something just do it , stops preaching on twitter. Nobody really gives a fuck 😂🤷🏽‍♀️
🍭👉Follow everyone who LIKES &amp; RETWEETS this tweet. 🍭👉With over 100 gain tweets a day, it's ALWAYS time to
They lame, not hyping you up or nun 😒
Hey boyfriend 😘
🔥🔪 Bayonet | Vanilla Giveaway * Winner in 24 hours! https://t…
180326   official tweets [trans] ➡   …
When they realize this ain’t your first time 🤣💀‼️
Im being possitive right now😯😂
The most cutest thing I've ever seen 😍
Happy Birthday Lisa !!  🙌🏼 🎂 😘
Didn’t you rev up your security with armed guards when you were robbed at gun point? Lol seems hypocritical to me 🤷🏼‍♂️
One foot by Walk the Moon. 😆
I totally get it if people mistaken this award show for a Zhang Yixing concert 😂
ALL BLACK EVERYTHING ⚫ Have you seen Chris Ingram Rally in our NEW Video? Check it out @ https://t…
Thankyou for your efforts. 👏🏻👏🏻 Welcome in the house. 💜💜 Don't forget to tag for to…
Hope she said yes bro🖤
Step bye step 💄
Hey baby! I'm going to stay for a while without my cellphone, but don't forget about me! I LOVE U! I will miss u ❤️🇧🇷
I don’t mean to toot my own horn but... my nigga know I’m the best he ever had 🤪 and I didn’t even have to do much 😌🐝👑
I’m not a perfect female .. but I’m solid asf 🤞🏽
🙄 never said i was a ITK did i its a educated guess based on paper speculation
I was never in a calm place, until I found your arms🖤
🔜 🍑🤤💯! Tune in for "Tasty Tooshy" featuring &amp; this Tuesday on . h…
I’ll come online but I definitely won’t do that. 💕❤️💖💞
My god daughter is so smart like 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 where has the time gone
Stuck on the couch with my heating pad feeling worthless cuz I can't do anything 😩
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  🎉
🍀 TIME🍀 To launch our EXCLUSIVE Turner &amp; Gray Paste the Wall wallpaper, we're giving 2 winners £100 of B&amp;M vouch…
OH DAMN😍😍😍
Mar 26, 2018 - Cairo, Egypt - An Egyptian woman shows her ink-stained finger after casting her vote. © Mohammed Asa…
I JUST WANNA SHOUTOUT MY GIRL FOR BEING ADMITTED INTO THE MCNAIR PROGRAM 📚📚📚🔥🔥🔥 I am sooooo proud! T…
Over the hump ✅.   ROCK CHALK BABY !!!!
rt this to gain lovelyz stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🌸
will take one more gulp on his desi tharra tonight. Poor Derek 😇😇
Ok but who do my nieces think they are 😂😂😂
🏆 Congratulations to who is the first    winner with a final result of $8.517,93 (+259.45% ove…
A motherfuckin iconic TRIO🙌🏾❤️
Ticket for  are available from 5pm tomorrow 😁❤️
wanna stay here at harbour square 😥
When you miss the person, the only way to overcome that feeling is always keep the person name in du’a 😢.
MOODUM 💃🏻
180326 sarangdungy ins update 1P 【Everything happens for reason🌸】    (
Mr. JEON Jungkook with facial hair 🖤 (Pls dont attack im a fragile being ✌🏻)
army, rt this to gain bts stan mutuals and follow everyone who rts 🐙
Gain 150+ active followers fast! ☄Retweet ☄Follow everyone ☄Follow back ☄Gain with
NE URWELLCOME SUNBAENIM 💞💞💞💞
Who's watching?  💙
📸 SHINee Minho, Nam Da Reum and Ji Soo today at the VIP screening of film 'Seven Years of Night'
So when are we getting news ni koishite? Like 12am or what?? 😂😂
Happy birthday gorgeous Queen KB Buddies family loves you so much. ❤️  …
Sun must heighten my cruelty levels or some shit cos I am buzzing to rinse and ruin all gimps today😋❤❤
Retweet if you love your parents 💝.
honestly don't want any other nigga but this nigga 🙄
Good joke .... mam...👌👌 U r giving tough competition to your chota bheem...🤣🤣🤣🤣 Btw your party has become a National J…
BEST TWEET on  Nailed it! 🔨
jungkook saying ‘park’ and jimin saying ‘jeon’,,, y’all are welcome 😊
Literally my reaction when I met my mans 😍
Love is grand, divorce is twenty grand! 😂😂
Congrats bby ❤️❤️❤️
Bro was poppin his shit ❗️
this is the Miley Cyrus i like to see 😤😤😤
cw: the greatest showman🎥
I felt Gates when he said this 💯  at times🤷🏾‍♂️
As an urban poet once said... mama WE made it!!
[NEWS] 180326 | EXO-CBX confirmed to make a comeback on April 10 🔗   …
🗣: not everyone you lose is a loss, remember that.
what a save 😱
Fish Halwa 😍
Happy Tuesday 🌹 +
Wizards of Waverly Place all grown up!! ✨🔮 drawn w colored pencils 😁 pls rt!!
Meanwhile in New Jersey 😳
you're making me so happy, so don't leave.❤️
g i v e a w a y time 🌸🌿✨ giving away this oxidized copper Mexican Matrix Opal pendant! all you have to do to enter is RT…
Swear things happen at the worst times for me 💔
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY ATEEEEE!! 🎉💙 ILOVEYOUSOMUCH 💖
Reply to this tweet with "ifb" and follow everyone who likes your tweet/🍀
The Queen💋
Ion know why I sleep balled up 😂 random thought
Ya I don’t like it but I love this girl ❤️❤️🖤🖤 I feel it was wrote for me lol
I just LOVE sleeping 😭 I will sleep my whole damn life away,when I’m mad,sad or just bored asf I go to sleep 😂
It’s what’s on the inside that counts 😔☝🏼
Girls night Friday, with my mommy &amp; sisters♥️
The Oasis with my honey! 💛
Facts👏😭
Florence Welch via Instagram! 🌪
✨ you painting me a dream
Don't forget 11 o'clock tonight ✨
35OM Nature Glow Matte Eyeshadow Palette, must be following me to win ✨
Lovely gif.. ❤ 😝 😝
Fun fact: We haven't lost to since 2013. 📝➡️
Thank you, Silgo. 🙏
Karma is a bitch 👌🏾😎😀😀
I CANT BREATHE how did YOU MISTAKE UR KNEECAP FOR UR ANKELFLKFJD u Succ, Noob 😩😩 oi give me Both
I checked Twitter before I checked my texts lol. Just read the article. Tyrone the thief ya classmate? 👀
hope you're doing well~ 🙏💕
spring day 🌸
im so done w u 👋
Stay lowkey then pop out &amp; Have yaall like , “ since wheeeen 🤔 “ 🤪🤪
Straight People™️ at it again
Shoutout🎉 Follow⤵️
what do you want from me?? WIG??😩
This Friday! Don't miss w/ $20 VIP Open Bar Is Almost SOLD OUT 🥂🍻 Hurry &amp; secure your tickets befo…
Ice cream gets the best of me 🤷🏼‍♂️
I’m really weak at these SpongeBob pictures and captions 😭😂
Jimmy Butler isn’t a stats guy, apparently 😂 (via
Namjoon wouldn't be Namjoon without breaking something now would he?? 😂😂😂
This exclusive beaded...pearled...stoned with 3d petals lush fabric is our DEAL of the day 🎷🎷🥁🥁🎺🎺🎺🎤🎤🎤🎤🎤🎻🎻🎻🎸🎸📯📯 Are…
Love PINK! 💋
this is giving me soooooo much life rt now 🤣 😘 eu te amo😘😘😘🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷 https:/…
Follow everyone who retweets this🐬
rt this to gain hoseok stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 😋
😧Retweet if you follow back and Follow everyone who retweet this.
SUPER JUNIOR-D&amp;E [LOSE IT] 2018.03.28 ON SALE 💿 🎧Melon: 🎧genie: 🎧NAVER MU…
this switch is so Filthy🤮
it means alot to me lilac ❤️
Happy 19th Birthday 🌻 I’m very excited to see you 💗 no need for you to be the mom tonight... I love you 😚 …
I find out shit with out even trying. haven't had a good laugh in a coo ass min😂💀
i wanna be nasty i wanna eat some pussy 😩🙊
much for all the blessings😍 and MOST importantly Thank you mom and dad for giving this precious life to me 24 years ol…
The elf tribe were low on food and needed nutrition if they wanted to make it back to camp 💕
Alive and tweeting. Give God thanks 🙏
Jaylen Brown FOR THE WIN 🔥
I really can’t stop laughing about this. . . 😂😭😂😭😂😭😂
I fell asleep at 9, and now I’m up and can’t go back to sleep. Ain’t that some shit🤦🏾‍♀️
Goodmorning, i can smell long weekend ❤️
i miss you 🙁
These animals saw friends in danger – and jumped in to save them ❤️
To our amazing vocalists, we believe in you Kim Tae Hyung, Jeon Jung Kook, Kim Seok Jin and Park Ji Min 😙💕
You ruined your and other players career and life too😏😭
"Like what do you do when you period comes on"🤦🏽‍♀️
😲 where are you/they off to!?
Guess I’ll celebrate my bday this weekend instead of next 🤷🏽‍♂️🍻
im bored so 🤙🏻
🖤🖤🖤 Because he loves cars 😏 This pic is por u daw 🤪 MAINE TarayNiTatay  https://t.…
wow a queen 😍😍😩🍯✨
Throwing shade with 📸 by  📸
HE DID THAT ADORABLE THING™ WITH HIS EYES AGAIN BLEASE
HAPPY EVER AFTER 💓
Hobbiton! 🇳🇿 Bran representing
I miss my mannnn, I wanna love on him , kiss him , hug him 😭😩😩🧡 uggghh
Enjoy your day all 🐐🐾🐣🌻😘🏵🌹🌷❤
I walk the line, I strut my shit 🌈
I honestly hate Louisiana. What kind of gender reveal is this? 💀😂
Butchers 🔪 Deer 🦌 Leg in Front of Animal Rights Activists 🤡🤡 in  -…
This view 😍
🔔 Top Countries who tweeted  🔔 as of 10pm KST: 1. US 2. BRAZIL 3. PHILIPPINES 4. INDONESIA 5. S.K…
Maldito google translate... 😂😂😂😂😂
Lets do a Giveaway! 🌊 Shopify Proxies For Fridays OW Release. 30 Proxies Per Pack. 3 Packs. 3 Winners. Simply Foll…
Everything bouta fall in place in a month in a half!! I’m claiming it 🙏
long message from him ❤️
Bring back MJ 😰😰😰 fuckin King!
😂😂😂 don’t do that
Our release on 🔥 don’t forget to get your copy form…
I can’t wait to have children I can yell at😂😂😂
God said: You don't have to worry about love. As long as I'm existing, you will be loved. ☝
2 Chainz, YG, and Offset’s mamas all killed this 🔥🔥
Just another Wednesday closer to summer 🤩
Yummy 🤤
I honestly hate Louisiana. What kind of gender reveal is this? 💀😂
Couldn’t have asked for a better best friend tbh😂😂❤️❤️❤️ been there for me through a lot and always will be 🤞🏼…
"Love is a four-legged word." 🐾
Hello baby 👉😉👉
LBJ was about to go crazy. 😳
Mate, he’d beat your arse in a debate with ease 😂
The things I do for Mr. Styles 🙄
Free the nipples 😍
Same 🙌🏾😊
Who Fucking Ready Blattt Slattt💔🐍
Bailly: “F*** offfffff Zlatan 💩😂😂😂 Thank you for everything, Legend.”  [Ig]
Day 1  ✔️ The Faculty Shows us “ What we learn with pleasure we Never forget “ it was great day ! https://t.…
once im comfortable around u im dead weird af 😭
Jimin’s face watching taehyung on stage 😭this is absolutely beautiful
🔥NEW🔥 We were excited to have &amp; on our cams, and they were just as excited for each other!…
Gain 250+ active follows tonight 🔥 👉Retweet Fast 👉Like 👉Comment ifb 👉Follow All Who RT &amp; Like
you managed to smile for a photo, jump in heels AND hold your degree as well as helium balloons all at once !? ✨🔥…
I’m so ready for bay nites😭
Retweet this and I'll ask one of your mutuals for an honest opinion about you 💗 If this flops, idk her.
CLICK HERE ➡ ⬅
Work hard Stream hard 💪😂 Insurance pa 😭😭
🎬🐰[28.03.18 |  ㅡ Weekly Idol © wonho_zip
THIS SAT | MARCH 31ST 🔥🔥  -GET YOUR PRESALES TODAY- | FREE LIQUOR &amp; BYOB ALL NIGHT
⏬Hookup with local hotties at ⬇ ⏭😍🔥◀ porn And sex sodomy xxx Photos Naked nsfw Blacks videos Tw…
rt, dm fuck (+ role play) 🖤
💛Aşkın Saati 💛 💙1⃣9⃣0⃣7⃣💙
🤦‍♂️ don’t get me started. I did my part on defense, we just couldn’t ever score.
yet still not available in my country! 😭 No choice but to purchase. 💔
😂 does not like that girls singing 😂 via IG 😂
Never not want to watch you, bebe girl 😘😘😘
THIS VID HAS ME DEAD ASF😂😂😫 SHE BETTER TAKE MY MANS BACK😭
2️⃣5️⃣ years ago today made his  debut. 👑 We’re giving away a shirt which has a piece of the last kit he ever w…
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets 🥗
Long/Short Bitcoin volatility with up to 100x Leverage at BitMEX! 10% Fee Discount below! 🤑😍 ▶️…
rt if u stan min yoongi , follow whoever rts 🌹 [
They having a footwork session on fortinite 😂
Goodmorning Mendoza Fam! Glad to see you up Meng. Hope you’re feeling better. 💛  …
I love probate season ☺️
Take care of each other 🖤
Can you make two for Wiana &amp; I? I want somewhere on the hat to have Kyle’s name or initials. 💀
Something like what they have😍🤞🏽
my babies😂💖
Did it again honey😍😍
JAPAN RECAP !!!! Thank you for the amazing time, Japan!!! I love you so much!!! ARIGATO!!! ♥️🇯🇵
The  world is vibing with Edem -  🔥🔥🔥
blessings upon the TL ❤
..I’ll Be Queen 🌹
Facebook never fails me😂
500 likes= 500 followers! LIKE if you follow back!! Follow me &amp; Turn my notifications ON🔔
Stop. 🛑 Let's take a break for our Shrimp Shack Mac &amp; Cheese 📸: southkutabeachbali
Bought this cute bralette last summer never fit ☹️ Thanks to being pregnant it now fits!
Wkskssjsksksks battling against my own thoughts again 😭
I hate a bitch with good pussy and no feelings like bitch I know you hear me crying 😭
It's Gaining Time Freinds Worldwide Just do fast 👇 🌠LIKE &amp; RT 🌠Coment IFB 🌠Follow All &amp; Follow Back 🌠Follow Me Let's G…
i’m done with this app😂😂
This Movie Should Of Had More of an impact when it was released. This Will Forever be deep 🙇🏾
this pandora ring is so beautiful 😢
I honestly hate Louisiana. What kind of gender reveal is this? 💀😂
Hurting Emma’s feeling there 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
🗞 Thursday
Sulli isnt just a visual. Sulli is THE visual.  🍑  🌹
I'm happy to announce I have joined as a Digital Marketing Advisor! 🎉
Instagram will have you thinkin a bitch is totally out ya league meanwhile she homeless 🤦🏽‍♂️
Kitvhen nightmare memories 😍😍😍
✳️MIKEY ✳️  ✳️ 🔹Poodle Mini🔹AGE 2yrs 🔹Male🔹ARRIVED:3/27 💖 AVAILABLE:3/31 🔸310-523-9566🔸  🔸 216 W…
Last night 5-0 2Legit😎and it ended like this😂🤧
Those ones deserve a unfollow button coz they useless😣
I’m trying to hoop today 🏀
If you a chicken tender &amp; fries person, you will know that all honey mustard do not taste the same. 😭
RETWEET MY GAIN TWEET BELOW FOR FREE FOLLOWS &amp; TO BE PICKED FOR A SHOUTOUT 🔥
So.. I wrote a song about love, &amp; it’s out now everywhere :) I hope you feel it.  💖…
I love you boys big time 💜 I will always be   💘
The wheels on the bus go round and round😂😂😂😂😂😂Poor  deluded and sore losers at the same time😂😂😂😂!
EPISODE 2!! ENG SUB] BTS - Burn The Stage EP.2 (HD) Click CC for subtitles Google Drive: 🔗 Dail…
🆘URGENT🆘 This little neglected boy needs a RESCUE / FOSTER to get him OUT of here URGENTLY! His time is about up, and h…
Witcho pretty ass 😍 slay!
Who Jumped you Sis🤣🤣
Ling Ge Korean-style Mini Shoulder Cross-body 🛒 Shop here 👉 📍 CASH ON DELIVERY 📍 FREE SH…
Esa y What the Water gave me son 💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞
hi i’m giving away one copy of max &amp; match bc i got 2 on accident 😭😭 RT to enter, following me isn’t required but i would…
I 💖💛💞💜💕💛💝💜💘💛💗💜💖💛💞💜💕💛💝💜💘💛💗💜 💖💛💞💜💕💛💝💜💘💛💗💜 💖💛💞💜💕💛💝💜💘💛💗💜 💖💛💞💜💕💛💝💜💘💛💗💜 💖💛💞💜💕💛💝💜💘💛💗💜 💖💛💞💜💕💛💝💜💘💛💗💜 YOU
happy bday to my bro since day. Hardly any pics of us but have a top one bruva probs see u weekend ❤️
One last interview before the episode begins🤗
Girlfriend... 🗣 I probably did a crappy job but thought I’d add to the splendid concept... inspired by:
Sergio Ramos knows 😘
good morning ☀️
😭😭 i hate these typa people 😂😂 sithi siXoxa kahle on whatsapp than u decide to call 😭😭 whyyyyyyy ??? 😣😣 …
Mon to sat 8:30pm ❤️❤️ https://…
🔔 Top Countries who tweeted  🔔 as of 10pm KST: 1. US 2. BRAZIL 3. PHILIPPINES 4. INDONESIA 5. S.K…
Highschool friends are irreplaceable ❤️❤️❤️
Mark your calendars for May 6th  Mansion Pool Party  🏖.
Omg yessss!!! I didn’t even know this existed 😂. Thanks for tagging me and thanks for the love! 💕🙌🏻
Our racer &amp;  dad is suffering a rough time of it! Here's his latest column... 👇👇👇 https://…
Y’all remember this😂
In every end, there is also a beginning. ~Libba Bray ©Dotz Soh
Herb too 💯
Sooooooooo OMFG his side stories are like DAYYYYYUMMMM!! 👀💦💦💦 WOWWOWOW!! like dayum, i dont even need CGs i can jus…
“Damn who got u smiling so hard?” First off, I’m on Twitter. 💀💀💀
Don’t remember getting banned for ball tampering. 🤭
I hope u stay 🍎..
🇪🇸 Isco is the first player to score a hat-trick for Spain since 2013. ⚽⚽⚽
Hanging out with a rockstar 😎 in the world of digital medicine and medical  technology! 💥
When in an emergency 🚨 call  But if not call Officer Barber-Stephens and I’ll be there to…
Post over Kendrick, X over Kenny and Drake 🤦🏻‍♂️
You know how I’m rockin 😂😂😂
Thank you so much 😍😍
Xboox 🤗
lmaooooooo idk who’s worse.... the mom or the daughter 😂😂😂💀
FB LIVE performance &amp; interview in 22 mins! Click the link to tune in 😘🎤
you are a big help to us, joon. thank you. 💜
Raise your hand if Impostor Syndrome is out to wreck you 🤚
One could do no better than to have John as a Sugar Daddy.😉😏
❤️ The first polar bear cub to be born in the UK for 25 years has been filmed adapting to its surroundings.
Sounds good 😊
Savagery of the highest calibre 😂😂😂 …
😂 for free
YES BITCH 👏🏽 IM SO HAPPY FOR U!!NOW COME TO DALLAS
Spend this birthday like ROYALTY 👑 Enjoy this special offer:
I wish makeup &amp; hair was as evolved as it is now bc my school pics would’ve been FLAMES, younger kids so lucky 😹
My dawgs ain’t on Twitter like that so imma do it for em!  y’all boys keep handling y’all business ✊🏽 http…
Love u bro! Thanks for coming out!! ♥️
This Peanut Butter &amp; Miso Baked Aubergine I had for lunch yesterday got a crazy response on my stories! 🍆 Who would…
Speaks, reads, and writes in French 🙌🏾
while all your girlfriends are in Miami cheating.... me and mine are loyal and in love 😌😚🤘💯
🖕🏼a lost friend just aslong as im winning
pulled all the right strings. went &amp; got inspired off a snippet 😭
I’m grateful to have you in our YouTube life!😊
Happy Birthday Kyle! Have a great day!!🎉
to my little boy. I love you more than anything, you’re my best friend ❣️ everything helps…
NYC liberal signs giant spending bill. 🤷🏻‍♂️
There is a hot bubble bath tease 🛀 on my Premium Snapchat now! Will only be available for 24hrs💦Stop missing out and get…
The Professor is still missing... 🇷🇺
📸 | Anushka meeting some fans in Bhopal earlier who gifted her a  painting ❤️
Detail in the dining 😍✨ Reserve your table with Tapasya Marina here: Or, call us to book your…
Northern Lights in Levin Iglut 🇫🇮
time ⏰ Win a gaming chair by doing the following: ✅ RT + Follow ✅ Boost your chance…
going✈️crying land
btw, anyone else getting justin timberlake vibes from Lost In Japan? I likeyyyy 😍
So realistic 📹IG: yves_the_cat
Please just stop. Jump off his dick already 🙄
Great! I hope it reaches many! I don’t qualify 🙏🏾
TOKYOOOOO 🇯🇵!!!!!! Thank you for making this one of my biggest headline shows to date. I love you so much! ♥️♥️♥️ (🎥:
Let's go Turn up!!!🔥🔥🔥
Our boys are making headlines all over for having record sales 😭😭❤️   …
This thread 👇🏼
like why act like you care and waste my time? what do you gain..😢
💃💃💃💃🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 happy friday
❤️PussySyndicate❤️ 🧡 ❤️🧡💚💙💜🖤…
why did u change it back its iconic 😂😂😂
Congratulatiions India for vaccinating 76 million children against measles-rubella! 👏 India will continue to suppo…
Gain followers like this tweet, follow all who do too! ❤️
I’ve never wanted to still a gif so bad. 😭
Holy fuck that was just burnt into my brain 😵😵😵
"I want to go to Aroooooooooooba! 🌴" by
NOT EVERY STATUS IS A SNEAK DISS SORRY IF IT FITS YO DELUSIONAL ASS 😂😂😂
Not from me because I have nothing of worth 🤷🏻‍♀️ haha. Housemates lost the tv, PlayStation etc though. I…
pumpkin carving 😜😜😜
GUYS SEND HELP PLEASEEEE🙏🏼I NEED 1.5 RTs AND 200 LIKES YOUR RT AND LIKE WOULD BE A BIG HELP KAMSAHAMNIDA
"I cut my arm I need some peroxideeee" LMFAOOOOOOOOOO 😭
180323 Daejeon fansign ✌️💘 ©rookiewooki
🐭 The time has come for  Who's going to wake Suga up and tell him it's time for hugs?
🚨 LUKE LOST HIS AUSSIE ACCENT I REPEAT LUKE LOST HIS AUSSIE ACCENT, SOMEONE SAVE LUKE HEMMINGS, CALL 911 🚨 https:/…
Fans In  . IF u want to Meet  In to  Then book your seats to watch Her movie and mee her 💃💃 U…
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show 1❤️DOPEST🍫LIPS:LEVEL ME UP
Trying to survive this semester. 😭 @ Vineyard, California
Then RIGHT when I’m bouta let it down something happens and it be a sign.. I just be like “Yeahh I tried it.. never mind” 😭😂
RT Explore this book! ➡
😩What more do you want me to tell you about black people bruh? This is brilliant 👌🏾💯💯
To my future husband, don’t you EVER propose to me without making sure my nails are done first 😭
Someone have a black kid with me 😭😭
I have the hottest friends ... someone should pay for me to fuck them 😂
I couldn’t even get the sleeves... that’s all I wanted 😭
Be ideal if rashford and vardy both score and it hits🙏💸
Im starting to despise humans more and more each and EVERY MF DAY. 😑
Can’t wait to see my girls 😍
we love you 💓💓💓
💎 DAILY Giveaway 💎 🗡️ Factory New ★ Flip Knife | Doppler 🗡️ ✅ Retweet ✅ Follow us ✅ AntiBot - Reply with 1⃣st, 3⃣rd a…
⭐️: you are a bright star in the universe
Tired asl still got 2 hours at work 😭
The Nigeriam Jersey is too beautiful. 😍
Kyle Walker at centre-half? 🤔
Is this not the blackest team he’s had outside the Team USA rosters?! 😂🤦🏽‍♂️
🔴 LIVE on - Zach!!!!
This is hilarious 🤣 The longer i look, the more i laugh
Dm me I don’t bite 😂💗
Also like... Who the fuck airs the national anthem in a radio rotation? Weird as shit. Country music channels are 🚮
not ONE person in this picture looks like they care at all 😂😂😂
Yoongi shuts down haters in the coolest way🎤   https://t…
rt this to gain jimin stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🔥
Milford Sound, New Zealand 🇳🇿
5 years of this amazing album ❤ God bless you, guys, for giving us this amazing gif ❤
How girls be on Snapchat when they get a new dude that spoil her😂
What about woman football? Rate that from 1️⃣ to 🔟
💋💋💕- you cute boo😘 and btw who is that cutie on your header... can I have her for a day ?😂😩
In case you missed it, Marco Fabian’s goal was just 😍🔥
Vent to God. Not to people. A listening ear is also a running mouth. 💯
-------- ≪ °✾° ≫ -------- 🐲End Of Thread🐲 -------- ≪ °✾° ≫ --------
Yes bitchhh super cute 🤪
So much for keeping this a secret🤷‍♂️
Love Ballad ❤️
Are you Ready?🔥🔥🔥🔥 For another 200 in 10min 1.RETWEET REAL QUICK 2:Follow all that Like 3:Follow all that Retweet 4:Foll…
fb real live got some comedians g 😂
“It feels good to prove them wrong. Just living our love song.” ❤️
Follow everyone who retweets this ♥
on this at the end of a snow day! Who's in?! Let's see your best *45 memes (with or without Putin)! 👍🏼Like ♻️Re…
Yes! I like Harry Styles &amp; I want to be a scientist! 😉
Bringing The Beatles back with the lads for  , see how we got on tomorrow night...😅 anyone guess who i was?…
Retweet in 5 seconds for some good luck 😋😁
Still ain’t get my edits back 😕 wtf
Royce 5'9 featuring J. Cole. Classic 🙏🏿
My handsome 😍😍😍 , most beautiful man with beard, hope novak keep do beard Because he has a thin face, keep…
Thanks lovely, lots of love 😘x
OMG IM GOING TO THE JERSEY SHORE TO BURY MYSELF IN THE SAND AND NEVER SHOW MY FACE AGAIN 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️ …
Been training him everyday and he’s only about 3 months 🤓
OK  ‼️ Time to play offense. Please follow For the playbook in defeating the
14 days to go! Am I talking about  or meeting Who knows 🤷🏻‍♀️💃🏻😂
👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩: treat yourself the way you would treat someone you love!!
this horrible anti American 🐷 bill
im flabbergasted 😂😂😂😂
rt for a thicc wallet this 2018 💖
thank you for stopping for a photo the other day, made my day! 😁
Nice pics 😉
always💕
My vape was waiting for me in my room and we are now reunited😍
Twitter is the best place to find relatable shit. You never feel alone. 😂
Coming soon to pay-per-view: Joe Malarkey vs. Donny Two-Scoops! 🥊🥊
'Renaming “motivational Monday” to “moaning Monday” and loving the sound of that. Enjoy honey pots 🍯💋' 😍😍 h…
how the hell do people drink their tea with sugar 😷😷😷
The storm waits for no one. ⌛️ ☔️ Push forward solo or with a squad and battle for that Blitz Victory Royale! https://t.…
Has been huge since the days of S3 the growth is massive! 98k 🤔
Here it is!! ⚠️ATTENTION MUSIC VIDEO OUT NOW⚠️ Definitely my favorite so far to record 👌🏾🙌🏾💯 check out the link here…
This video was gold when YouTube was coming up 😂
Maybe lady gaga wanted to be the second after taking over from goblin 😉
Team BMW is going to get you 🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁
The most famous meme star in the world, visited the Etihad and fell in love with 😂😂 …
blossom 🌸
I created u mf’s 🤬
Lowkey feeling generous today  💸 - Quote your $ tag - RT Post - Follow Me
🌼 WANNA GAIN 💟 FOLLOW EVERYONE THAT LIKES AND RT 🌼FOLLOW ⬇️ 💟 🌼 💋 💟 🌼
You will be missed playing for the Packers! All the best to you Jordy! 😊
CONGRATS TO THIS WEEK’S  WINNER   Here is the winner ceremony just for the KBSWORLD FANS ♥
Miss Van invited ba si Tony at Donny 😁excited
Cycle infra is mostly built for men. The descriptions make it really clear I ride like a man. 😂 Confrontational, pr…
Low key hate most of my classmates😴
Namgi &amp; their annoyingly jumpy kids... The more you watch it, the funnier it gets... 😂😂😂 …
That’s what I like to hear, “EARLY 2000s BABIES” we relate to everything the 90s babies do❗️💯 tired of us being thrown with…
Better late than never inferior shaking wimp 💷
GROWTH😌
little hand 😱
22 March 2018 💗💗
nothing worse than expecting an outfit to look class then you try it on and it just doesn’t sit right☹️
🔥 Best Free Online Sex Cams ↴ 🔥 Free Registration, Free Tokkens↴ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ht…
🎺Pray Always Pray; If Loved Ones Pass The Veil; Pray’r Drinks Wit…
That’s what I like to hear, “EARLY 2000s BABIES” we relate to everything the 90s babies do❗️💯 tired of us being thrown with…
Hi 😃 How's your week going? 📷 May I ask you to follow ''SomethingLikeKites'' on Instagram please? I'll fo…
For the diary- Le Shuffle Project featuring Adam Teixera (drums) 🎉
Happy  to my fellow eagles 🦅💙
WHAT A RETURN 🙌🏼 DTH Van Der Merwe made a try scoring return to and was named man of the match as he helped…
Hyper-feminine queer binch 💕🌸🏳️‍🌈💅🏻💘✨
Nah we consider that as medicine 😂
On that note May 23 wya 🤗
Shaku Shaku Poland Izza goal. give dem left, right, back, back. 😂 Positive vibes only! Its Fr…
Yes apparently it is 🙃
blossom 🌸
New Chapter Film  👉         https://t…
I honestly can’t think of anything better than a pork pie in the morning ❤️
I’ll never look stupid for nobody period! 🗣 wrong bitch.
wins... ✌ Sherry wins, Imran loses
Zenaida got home and woke me up and I feel so bad, it’s not even funny 😭
Happy spring all 🌹🌸💐🏵💮⚘🌷🐦🐥
"iF sHe HaNgS wItH hOeS sHe a HoE" But you hang wit shooters &amp; you a bitch 🤔
If You haven't listened to this you shhleeeep 🤔
Queen 💞
good god how high were you 💀
Leaving me on READ.... will get you BLOCKEDDDD 🤦🏾‍♀️
Is really impossible don't do ... He is so charming 😍😍❤️
It's gonna be alright 🌹
The lovely and hey daughter, Jessica Altman, sang beautifully today ❤️❤️
180323 MLB HK 🤤🤤🤤
🎵Don’t lose your haaay, in your barn! We have to grill, as one! Don’t be afraid, of propane, This is the way to grill more…
I rl jus needa to talk to God😩
Everyone should read this thread 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻 (but especially women).
Thanks! 😄
Because is ur day🐶amor del bueno
Blast off to the sounds of at Los Angeles Convention Center in just 30 DAYS! 🚀🌈 Limited tickets rema…
Come on guys, help me out! This guy is like a mentor to me 🙏🏻
I bet that huge Hispanic/Latino community in Cleveland Ohio will be smashing on this "Los" merch 😉
By the way I’m the one who always messes up in the group 😂🤦🏻‍♀️ try it at a faculty meeting. It’s so much fun and w…
Too much 💪. Randle ➕1️⃣
DAY 1: LETS START WITH A PERSONAL FAVE 😤💯🗣
randomly went to the store and found these 😂
look what my mom said about jinki omg 😭😭
Hey Justin... where is my tip you said youd spend.. Oh and I think I figured it all out 😂😂😂
Lol 🐼💙 wee bit nippy oot there! ⛄❄⛄❄⛄
If your mom is having a bad day, then suprise.... so is the household😂
Happy 35th Birthday to the beautiful and talented Lupita Nyong’o ✨
It would have been more 😀😀😀
something really fun is coming out tonight 🤑
Sweeten Your Spring with Del Monte's Gold® Extra Sweet Pineapple! Enter daily to  $500 + 3-mont…
Who would you rather have in defence?  🔁 Retweet for Dan Burn &amp; Chey Dunkley ❤️ Like for Mustafi &amp; Koscielny htt…
SAY HELLO TO MY HOPE WORLD🌏
Lmfaooo 🤣🤣🤣
It was really great Thank you Jhope❤
Also we are in March, I hope flowers will comes as soon as possible 🌺🌻🌹🥀🌷🌼🌸💐
Our lil under appreciated pup making us so proud as usual ❣️
1 HOUR Tiger Tooth Giveaway!⏳ -Follow -RT $100,000+ 👑King of Coins👑 competition will be announced today, get ready! https…
💻 Performance Testing - HP 250 G5+Boosteroid and Asus ROG G703 [Infographic] ⚡️ Read more:
rt if u stan chanyeol, follow everyone that rts and make sure to follow back if someone followed you!! 💫
A standard day for you Pindick’s. Cold weather or warm 😂😂😂.
It's first day of spring for the Met Office. 😁
⏬Date with local babes at ⬇ ☀♨💥🌶 porn Marion sex Shot xxx Huneyz whipping nsfw Ex video shaved…
Bamteddy making ceec jealous 😂😂😂😂 she couldn’t hide her feelings again 😂😂😂 Ceec to Teddy A : Make you look our side agai…
time, with Nico still in the driving seat! 💛
U fucking madman😂😂
🏀Bas’s Day🏀 📍Point 4 @ Emquartier📍
Grace just admitted she’s “the prettiest girl in the world!” 😂
No he didn't! LeBron James 😱💪
Happy holi to u too. 😊
Yo twitter do you’re thing please 😎😩🤪
🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Some angels don't have wings, some angels got blue eyes and a lovely smile. 🌹
💥💥 Republicans let’s get out and shout it out!  We Need voters to vote out the
My mom (not a big gun person) just posted this on Facebook. People are waking up. Good work, 😘 …
Not a tweet you see every day 😂😂😂
Very best 💋♠️
Good morning to everyone besides Billy Ray Cyrus..... You have a GREAT morning, beautiful.💕
I have some gorgeous designs to share with you this morning courtesy of 😊…
😇Happy  rt
Your Pastor Enters The Pulpit In This Black Panther Costume on a Sunday Morning What you doing? 🤔  …
1: Retweet this🍒✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🍒✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🍒✅ 4:  😊
Lmaoo only music can make Nigerians lose their home training 😂😂 Just look at these people 😂😭😭  …
Keep praying🙏 Keep believing🙏 Keep working hard🌸
Age is just a number for him. Thalaivar  SuperStar of Indian Cinema for a reason🤘  67 vayasulayum,…
Meek Mill - On The Regular ⚡️
MASSU'S SHIRT LOOK SEE THROUGH MASAKA❗❗❗❗
That BGM from and Thalaivar screen presence vera level combo 🔥🔥👌👌👌
Happy holi!❤️ Have a safe one ❤️❤️
Tony maybe a smartass but he know's what he's doing. 😁💪🏼 let just let him blow our minds in the Infinity War Film.
My team are for real... I love you can’t wait for what’s next 🙌🏼 thank you to and all of my dedicated fans 🙏🏼 https:…
We need some motivation to starts our day. So, let us know your favourite quotes from EXO! 🤗
🚨 RING THE ALARM 🚨 Kartel (Ilaya + Tala) and Zaito are joining the massive special set on May 5 at…
[📷] 170421 BTS Brick Live Cafe posted photos of  during their visit at the said cafe last year. ©btsbrickcafe_th…
Today I have given up my fight with cancer 😔, I tried my hardest for my daughter, but I’m losing everything! I have no money…
New  Cosmic Chemistry Part 2 sticker set is here! 😍 Check out👉
STRICTLY DON'T RE-UPLOAD THE MUSIC VIDEO ON ANY SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS! 🚨
Litty w/ my Lb 🐰♦️ (not lit enough to crease the forces tho 😂)
Retweeted Jenny Hollander ( 🚨 all of my favorite people to stalk on Instagram are the kids of...
T W O❗️D A Y S ❗️
Moniter 🎶🎵 ing 🛫✈️🛬 WITH Supreme Boi
Follow everyone that likes and retweets this 🍃🐚🍃 Follow👉  🍃FOLLOW ME 🍃 TURN MY NOTIFICATION ON TO G…
Ok i thought this was another one of twitters sick jokes until i read the whole thing. PRAYERS UP TO A LEGEND 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾 https:…
We are excited to announce that Madison McKenzie is our 2018 Cat® Lift Trucks Rodeo Scholarship winner. This senior…
Bruh, GET BACK😂😂
Hello Hope World ✨✨
Hello Hope World ✨✨
SAY HELLO TO MY HOPE WORLD🌏
🍃🌷instagram ID：baiduexobar
SAY HELLO TO MY HOPE WORLD🌏
Pass this around PLZ. Need to knw if anybody kan help❗️
Rain delays ☔️🤪
Now Michaela knows Asher is cray-cray😐
(Press) 180302 Music Bank 💕          …
James Harden eliminated Wesley Johnson's ankles 💥
Airplane✈
i said the same thing 😂
When u look at the time and see there's 13 min left but then remember there's a WHOLE OTHER EPISODE!!!👏🏾👏🏾😩
That’s my bitchhhh💛
Oh my good god this is it, the most disrespectful act of 2018 NBA. Harden crosses up Wes Johnson, STARES AT HIM ‼️ wets…
I LOVE LOVE LOVE ATTENTION ❤️💕❤️😂
The atmosphere is that quiet at  I can actually hear individual boys voices breaking as they cry 😭
JHOOOOOPE just said byebye!!! BACK TO WORK ARMYS!!!! Lol 💛🔥⭐️🌞🌈😘
The average # of bench press rep for offensive guards last year was 28. Quenton Nelson just pumped out 35. 💪 📺:
She did what had to be done. We love her best tour... Goodnight y’all 😴
Ayt let me go back to my corner and keep watching 😹😹
Wenger should of went last year on a high, players just not playing for him...
Happy birthday beautiful love ya hope ur having a wonderful day!! 💓💓
AYOOOOO WTF WRONG WITH THESE KIDS BORN IN THE 2000’s 😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂💀
Are you tuning into with the Zoo Crew to hear ?? I sure am! 👇 Drop down videos of you guys jammin…
180301 Yesung Twitter and Instagram Update: I’ll light a lamp in your heart 🌠
I AM TERRIBLE @ CONTROLLING MY FACIAL EXPRESSIONS😭😂!!!!!
Life with my bestfriend ...I look back on our growth and how far God has brought us and I’m filled with Joy ❤️ 📸:
By the tone of her voice, she’s in!🤑😍
And the 🏆 for Flop of the Year goes to ...
My thursdate!!💕 😍
Fastest BTS (Group/Solo) MVs to reach 1 Million Likes :  J-Hope 'Daydream' MV - 1hr 44mins 🔥🔥🔥  BTS 'Mic Drop' MV -…
😍 Check out Fucking Luke Roman
sis thought she was coming for you, she was reaching! keep doing amazing things syd 🌻
Zoom in on  a  working with Orange on energy solutions    ➡️ …
I need them for the battle pass!🙏🏾
YES! I’m too scared/worried to ask becuase of this I haven’t collaborated with any bloggers 😰💓
Woo! Let me know how it goes and good luck! ☺️
This  color yourself with spirituality, color yourself with devotion  Watch 👇👇 SadhnaTV 7:40…
If you have never gained so many followers at once! Turn on my notifications,tap the blue bell! Get ready to RETWEET FAST ⚡…
Couple more weeks and my man will be Home 🤸🏾‍♀️
Never let them hoes get in between of what we Started 💯🤞🏾
HANGSANG WITH MY DAWG RIGHT        😞    👊/||\_     _/¯    ¯\_ HANGSANG WITH MY THUG RIGHT 👋     \ 😪         ||…
this video was the precursor to one of the best taekook eras ever 🔥
Drunk Terese is fabulous, faaaabuloussss 😅🙊🙌
You’re not cool Zack 😑
“The sea lives in every one of us.” - Robert Wyland ✨
Actually, ang sweet nyo! 😍😍😍
Good 🍀 luck to all the competing this weekend! Let’s get some WINS!!!
New Single “Virtual” The Hottest Song In PG County , Maryland , He could be the next to BLOW out The DMV 🔥…
Love that me &amp; babe are here to help each other with anything ❤️
I just punched my steering wheel 😭
Nature keeps us alive. 🌸🌼🌻💐🌷🌹🌺🌾🍀🌿🌿🌳🎍🌴🌳🌲
is now trending with 300K+ tweets 🙏👌
Imagine dating someone who doesn't know the past tense of water 😂 Tragic!
Boy said “I’m out on love!” 😭😭😭
God i got three more months and i prolly will never play again please god just bless me with one offer ⚾️
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 intimidation tactics and playing politics like scopion
Broken Vessels Graphics by: 🔥 🔥
📈 White House aide Rob Porter stepping down amid domestic abuse allegations by 2 ...
ICYMI: ⬇️⬇️Two members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee have asked the Trump Org if it was aware of allegations that…
J. Cole is releasing "Revenge Of The Dreamers 3" this year😫👏
If it’s not your business, don’t spread it &amp; don’t worry about it 🤣
Okay so check this shit out I had a twin but I fucked his girl so he killed him self thinking It was me😞. RIP Lil Uzi Hurt…
oops used the wrong hashtag💀
makes sense 🤷🏼‍♀️😂
SAY HELLO TO MY HOPE WORLD🌏
My hair so happy rn 😩
Lucas’ reaction to Jaehyun saying his personal charming point is his lips 🙃
Smh.... who feels me on this 😂
i love seeing his beautiful smile💜
Alysha be wanting EVERYTHING ABOUT HER LIKE BITCH YOUR NOT THE ONLY MF ON MY LINE ✌🏽
HEY GUYS❗️I’LL BE DOING A 1,000 V-BUCKS GIVEAWAY AT 500 FOLLOWERS ‼️ALL YOU HAVE TO DO TO ENTER IS FO…
[!] 'Hope World' by j-hope is available on iTunes and Apple Music. 🇺🇸-ARMYs, please wait until Friday to buy it!
No words needed ❤️
Jhope said his mixtape was supposed to be released in 2017, but he believed BTS came first so it was pushed back.. 😭 remi…
- can’t stand mfs..🤦🏽‍♀️🤮
So proud of J-Hope 💫
AHHH and ARE OPENING FOR ON THE  I AM SO HAPPY 😍😍😍 htt…
's Aurora 💙❤️💛 Get it on
just had oral surgery.. I’ll never be too old or ashamed to cry at the dentist 🤷🏿‍♀️
And it all comes flooding back! 😭
Let's vote for our girl  to win  at our  👏👏 RT to vote …
i love messing around w because she doesn't get hella sentida and shit I love her ❤️
Free your mind and listen ♥️
Rt for Maryland 😈 Fav for DC 😎 Ignore for VA 💀
I fucking hate the sound of liquid pouring into a cup 😑
OH MY GOODNESS. 👀
Oasis - Setting Sun a.k.a. Comin' On Strong (Demo 92-93)🎶😎
🌥 ARMYs it's almost time ! ⏰ ​2 hours to go Set your ​📲 | 💻 ​ | accounts ready ! ​🗳 MYX Massvoting later (6PM-8…
we not a “secret”, we just not y’all business 🤣
❄️❄️Class Update❄️❄️ Kids Kickboxing at 4.30pm has been cancelled. Best to be safe as another weather warning...
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (8:30pm - 9:30pm) 1. BTSARMY - 629.1K+ ↗️🔥…
📢Notice While some I-ARMY teams focus on trending ww the HIXTAPE hashtag for about 20 min. when it releases, K-ARMY will…
When she want your dick before she go to work 🤤🤤💦
🏀 🐏🆚🐺 📍Greensboro Coliseum ⏰ 11 a.m. 📺 Wakey-wakey Tar Heel fans ... first meeting with State at
Happy Thursday Twitter-Friends💦💕🐦💦💕
This is missing songs smh.. Where’s Quavo ? Offset ? Kanye West? Frank Ocean?? Take Off ?🤨😒🤔
[PREVIEW] 180302 Seonho Going To His School, Hanlim © 2yoo0128
rt this to gain victon stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🎀
HOT GIRLS WAITING FOR YOU ➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖ 🔴 🔴 ☣ ☣ 🆓SIGNUP NOW 🆓…
San Jose 💪🏼
OR NOT. 🏹
When I turned 21 and the liquor store that’s been selling me liquor illegally took a legal shot with me😂😂😂😂 …
sketch of a fave kitty 🍜🐈
Phosphophyllite 💚
the whole hoseok outsold everyone joke backfired on us so bad he even outsold bts 💀💀💀
I LOVE THIS PAINTING!! YOU THE GOAT👏🏾
📚 Happy  📚 Are your kids getting involved? There’s a FREE book voucher for every reader in this week’s
I actually don't want it. You got to proof read what you tweet. 😂😂
This is greatly exaggerated! 😑
Follow everyone who LIKES this🐷✅
Idol brand reputation ranking in the month of March: 1) Wanna One ♥ 2) BTS 3) EXO 4) Red Velvet 5) TWICE 6) SEVENTEEN…
😂😂😂😂 spotted as they are
I can literally feel the happiness. I’m even happy about it too 😂
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (12:45am - 1:45am) 1. BTSARMY - 979.8K+ ↘️…
Eat, that, SHIT *breakdown* 💪🏻 d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-DOPE d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-DOPE
And the 🏆 for Flop of the Year goes to ...
Love you Tigerians 😘❤️
They put Ric Flair in the video 💀💀
I can't help but smile watching this 😊
Day Dream 💚💚💚
Tonight we’re in Nashville to see You can vote for their song on the  ♥️🎉🎶
Baekhyun and Chanyeol went to support Junmyeon's musical 《The Last Kiss》 and it's his last show tonight! 👍🏻❤
Repeat after me: God isn’t finished with me yet 👑
This guy tried to catch a Rat with his Cat and it's the funniest video of all time 😂
Lots of new music stacking up, I think it’s some of my best stuff yet. Sry for the wait😅.. Tingz dropping w
Talks w/ him 😍🤞🏽💓 just practicing 😂🤦🏽‍♂️
RT if your from the 404💕✨ Atlanta (Fulton), Ga Atlanta (Dekalb), Ga Decatur, Ga Roswell, Ga Sandy Springs, Ga College…
Featuring today‘s Lead Smulers... ⛈🌪TeamBagyo🎶🎤 OHT:
When you’re dad reminds you that Greys is on.... I totally forgot and he didn’t 😂😂😂😂😂
one more time please !!! vote for  please 🙏🏽🖤🧡
Who made this of me ? This is my whole aesthetic 😏💜
Happy birthday sleepy head 😘
💋sending a big kiss to all the ladies out there. Hope you’re having a good day x
[TRANS] 170309 Ong Seongwu's letter ✨ Bringing this back again~
Everytime I listen to it sends me on a emotional roller-coaster ride... Sit down, buckle up and enjoy the ride! ❤️
Ahh bitch came facts🤣🤣🤣
AMAZING: The best one-two in football history. 😂👏 Straight off the beer-belly. 🍻⚽️🔥
I miss you😭😭
Wikipedia — Desktop Daily Average Update (2018-03-07) i. BTS (+94,392)🔥 ii. E-O (+71,804)
Done watching Pitch perfect 1, 2, and 3 😂😂😂
Need to sort your insides out toddy 🤣
happy birthday muscle man ☝🏻 share me some supplements please 💪🏼
I can't think of a better wedding gift!🎶💖👬😍😜
🍀🌈💰🍀🌈💰🍀🌈💰 Lucky Reads Authors &amp; Bloggers St. Patrick’s Day Giveaway Enter to Win : 💰GP $10…
Tory Lanez out here stealing beats 🤦🏽‍♂️ lmao
🌞 Totally Uncensored Live Sexcams ⭐️ Live Cam Girls, Free Tokkens 💍 💍 💍 htt…
I shot my shot at him the beginning of this year &amp; im SOO glad i did😊💘 he treats &amp; makes me feel like a queen😌 i co…
❤️ i love you Charlie!
A GENERAL post... will hurt a GUILTY soul 🤷🏽‍♀️😂😂☺
It’s just jokes!!! 🤣🤣🤣
"Happy Soul" 😊😊😊😊
bad lil ting 💋
Skinny Niggas be 10% Body &amp; 90%Dick😂
My Maichard ❤ is so happy bcoz.... 😍😊 ALDUBatEB ADSummit
Happy  2018 ♀️♀️ Ein Statement von
A referee for over 25 seasons... Ed Hochuli's funniest and most memorable calls! 😂
Brutus is a national key point 😂🤣😂🤣  Dude writes his own script 😭🤣
Hiiiinnnngggg. It's super nice to see them standing closely to each other. 😭😭😭😭😭
THIS THE FUNNIEST THING IVE EVER SEEN 😭😭😭😭😂😂
Every chance you get 🙏🏽
😛😛 Carlos Leao Barebacks Armond Rizzo [🎥➜]  htt…
I would die if this happened to me ❤️   RT and reply
She petty 😂
Thank you for your efforts Let’s give the floor to -🇳🇴
My brother if you send her 3,000 airtime and she sends you a "please call me "Marry that woman, she knows how to budget"😂😂
[ 🌍 Trends]  is now trending  worldwide! ↗️    …
170326 — © heartbeam
🚧 ARMY CHALLENE  🚧 Get this to👇 1K Rt's 🔁 300 Comments 💬 Unlock the challenge ARMY 💪 Name ALL BTS Songs which Begins…
1: Like this📢✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet📢✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you📢✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
My husband and I were walking to the car and I whispered "the last is a mumu". The way he ran ehn😂😂😍 He doesn't know he's…
Happy birthday Yoon Gi ♥❤❣
Call Me by Your Name : a thread 📣
HOLY FUCK HER BOOBS ARE HUGE 😍🤤 The 28-Year-Old Teacher With The Triple-H
180308 [Weibo] Yixing update. (2/2 EXO - Lay    🔗: h…
Lmao Pass! I don't partake. I have something that works for me. 😉
: The Way To My Heart ❤️ Is Being Real With Me 🤞🏽💪🏾♥️
⚠️ SHOCKING Daily Belly  - -
today is your day!!! 👯
Drag Queen Seokjin because he'd be beautiful u v u 💖✨
“Go best friend that’s my best friend” 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭💀 …
😂😂😂😂😂😂 nick 😂😂 most hated mf around
Lmao play like you ain’t see that 😂
Spring for ONG Cable Set by !! 🇲🇾Order by 29/3 (Extended) 👉Android/ iOS / Type-C 🎁Phot…
just a girl who loves to make beats, engineer, sing and rap. 💕
Peoplegate's  Perfume Cards! 💖 cr. oong2gjf      https://…
Congrats woody! Fully deserved mate killing it 👍👍
On tv in France today that was cool💛
She's back! 😍
To all my beautiful sister-friends, Be empowered today! Happy International Women’s Day❤️. I…
virgin slut is back 😳
hopped out my feelings and I hopped in my bag 🧘🏻‍♀️
while y’all here check out my other tweets 🤪 &amp; follow me
👉RT 👉Like 👉Follow everyone Gain 500+
happy  women are amazing 💗💞💞💗💞💞💗💖💖💗💞💕💗💕💞
Trying to raise a teacup Yorkie with you bae🙊😍
Happy birthday to this cute sweet soft honey caramel glazed boy who deserves everything in the world💌
Happy Suga Day! 🎉🎉🎉   Thank you 💜💜💜
⏬Fuck with Me at ⬇ 💥⏯😍◀ porn amazon sex Girls xxx Dirty cheaters nsfw The video Lesbianass…
Happy  I ❤️being a
When he go missing on you so you poison his breakfast 🤗😆😩
Morning mood.. I wish I could wake up like this every day💕     htt…
happy birthday ❤❤ i miss you
Blessed to receive my 3rd offer to Waldorf University! ⚔️
Make Me happy, send Me a giftcard! 🎁😍🎁😍🎁😍 &gt; Send  always t…
ADN mood right now 😅😅😆😆 ALDUBatEB ADSummit
Whyyyyyyyyyyy am I still awake?! 😫
For me to ride is privilege 🤷🏽‍♀️ I'm too fye 😂😬
Happy  💕
Astronomical Events :: 9th March, 2018, Friday* 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 🌐 1. Jupiter(Mag. -2.2) begins Retrogra…
Finally hit 1k. Shout out to all my new followers 😘❤️
The killing of the Snow man😂😂😂😂😂😎
what was your favorite scene? 👀👀👀👀👀👀🔮🔮🔮🔮
Even if the team was religious with it I can’t ever see another squad tryna cross us nahhhhh 🌙💣…
Roxy🐶Baby # chihuahuas Retweeting My First Tweet:)
drugs! 🤑
The BEST thing to do with your old chairs ❤️
‼️POSTPONED UNTIL AUTUMN‼️New date TBA.
This video still gets me 😂😂😂
😂 😂 😂 See lemme give you a list of the things I'd burn 1. The certificate 2. Hnaub Benin (the school) 3. Federal Mini…
We finally got hold of the audio from Kingsmead - heated banter over picks? 🤔
Bruh. 😳 via:
Work done 👍 Amsterdam tomorrow for stag 😝🇳🇱🍺  Ps airport pint picture coming soon
What happens when a leopard finds a mirror in the jungle 🐆
People can do the littlest shit and it would aggravate me😩 I really hate people
Happy birthday to Mr. Tongue Technology 👅😜 Happy Birthday Yoongi ♥️ Thank you for being authentically you.
where you at 😢
🙏🙏 "There is no war on women, the war is on their babies." ~ Dr Be…
Finally fresh meat at McDonalds🍔. Now, we all should go into a McDonalds. To ask them; "what the f were you serv…
reppin the 301 fool👌🏽
Explore Butte County What mountain will you climb with this week? 📍Paradise, CA 📷: brad_mitchell_photography via...
Wtf is going on with Trish?! 😂
Third REALTOR® Lost Child in Fla. Shooting
This makes my blood boillllllll. What is wrong with people 😤😤😤😤😤😤
happy birthday to this amazing person and human being. all the love in the world for you honey 'cause you deserve it 💜🎉🎂
I hate when somebody think they telling my business😩 first of all I’m a Liar 😂😭😂
Yesss sis, I’ve been wanting the Morphe 24G and 35B palettes for the longest while now 😭😭😭
ICYMI: Your  keynote speakers have been announced!     🔑🗒️ …
Aww thank you hunny ❤️😘 &amp; of course
My phone be so dry I be in my settings like "ooouuu what this do " 😂😂
TODAY 🔥🔥🔥🔥
firstpersonmod 💯 Online Now at…
you hoes naturally move grimey🤷🏼‍♀️ y’all really don’t know no better lmao
Never look down on anybody unless your helping them up ‼️🙌🏽
Retweet and Like if you want to gain more followers🍂
If there was a dislike button I’d press it 10000 times 😔
I don’t want anyone around me that I have to question 👋 I’m probably better off without you
Freshman year group chat = the downfall of every class. 😂
She’s gone🔥
Irene with kids makes me weak💘😍
Just look at yoongi's precious smile while looking at the cute toy dog , let's protect this baby boy at all cost 💜
Wanna hear tracks from my NEW EP before it drops PULL UP TONIGHT 👀 and make sure you order a…
follow me and who rts and likes this
Lol taking the L in Milano today 😭😂
This was a promoted tweet on my timeline. What the actual hell? Cringe. 😳😬
Sehun and Chen ㅠㅠㅠ😍😍
How is touring?? We will get a special setlist?! 😊🇧🇷
Thank you for removing that!  💚🌟👏🏻
👏 super 👏 smash 👏 brothers 👏 super 👏 smash 👏 brothers 👏 super 👏 smash 👏 brothers 👏 super 👏 smash 👏 brothers 👏 super 👏 smash…
So, soon you won't have that oppresive system anymore. 🤠
📹 She wants someone to eat her pussy 🌸👅 if you can help!
Sora always cute, my future wife 😍💙
"If God gives you the burden, God will give you the strength." ---St. Josemaria Escriva 🌾
♈️alentine™️
You are such a sweetheart 🖤 you all are great.
Sign Cornerback Sam Shields Read 📰 »
Real recognize real. pays homage to in "Portrait Of Royce" 🙌🔥
Happy to see Jaylen Brown get up. ☘
I'm a radical feminist, not the fun kind ✊
Almost lost control of the truck when I was sliding it, could have ended up in a ditch😂
Thank you god for always coming through 😭
Madrid’s football wasn’t the most attractive for the past two years but they won it🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏿‍♂️
Comeback april 😘 oppa , april my birthday , april - 24 😚 my sweet 💋💙💛
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE ONE &amp; ONLY MIN SUGA GENIUS JJANG JJANG MAN BOONG BOONG!! 🎉🎉 Thank you for everything you are &amp; do…
Y'all don't know about the "cassingle" 😂😂😂
We finally got hold of the audio from Kingsmead - heated banter over picks? 🤔
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (4:30am - 5:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 124.9K+ ↘️…
If this happened to me I’d most likely never play Fortnite ever again 😂😂😂
samok forevs mark lee 😂
[ 🌍 Trends] ‘Burn The Stage’ is trending  worldwide - a series that documents BTS’ efforts during their worl…
happy  you guys are smart, powerful, and beautiful. we’d be lost without ya. ❤️
RT: Bull Run ES   for   at Royal Cyber Club 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
How many retweets and replies can we get for the holy trinity sub-unit CBX? ❤💙💚 Are you excited for their Korean Comeback? 1…
She’s so wavy 🙌🏽🔥
I love you ❤️
Our *^ you always do this smh🤦‍♂️
I get shadow banned for adding conservative accounts, while demented liberals get away with this 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻…
i need some crispy water ✨
Thank you 💞
I'm happy for my Tobi👏👏👏👏
Ah, yes. The immense privilege of having your sexual identity invalidated based on the gender of your partner 🙄
Who Fucking Ready Blattt Slattt💔🐍
1705 DAYS 14 HOURS 42 MINUTES THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING 25.03.15 💞  …
What Puddles does, Sputnik copies 😂
Be happy, always💞
yooo this kid is coming for throats 😂😂😭
BACK TO YOU STREAMING PARTY: 3RD HOUR ☺️ Be sure to keep participating in the streaming party and share pics of how y…
The pic that got my ig deleted 😣
Gotta Worship Her Mind And Body 😊
WARNING: this video may melt your heart ⚠️ 🌼
THOSFansWorld🌏 — T+(+15M)🔥 THOSFansCepeda: (+726K) THOSFansAgoney: (+318K…
To the haters... Get at Queen 's level kiddo!! BUCKET LIST TEASER 😉
he’s our sunshine, our angel, our hope 💜 how can Hobi be so soft one minute and so RUDE the next?!…
I really miss playing softball 😭💔
Munetsi killed this Humble beat Zim Hip Hop Stand Up 🇿🇼🇿🇼🇿🇼
im still not over how he put the spoon in his pocket, and that smile at the end ©️holdinontojiaer …
Good Morning Friend's 😍  ❤
🙁🙁☹☹ So sorry.
[!!] EXO-L, use your Melon accounts and collect streaming coupons for EXO-CBX upcoming comeback ✨
others because of who YOU are! ☝  try to be of  😃 Make being  a  G…
She got a whole door knocker thing in her chest 😂 “open da fuck up”😂😂😂
Who lives in a 🍍 under the 🌊? The winner of a new  blimp! Congrats 💚
Aww bless. Look 👀 my local rag does a grand write up on the demos that ‘Rocked’ Birmingham today. No disorder from the c…
😂 okay .
😂😂 both hyuk and ken got hit by the confetti
Shannon Sharpe pouring up a drink after LeBron’s ( historic night is the greatest thing I’ve seen all week😂…
Thank you baby.❤😘 Love U.😍😗
✨ once upon a time You were my everything
when she’s a fool on the dick 😩🤤💦
Found this cartoon by Benjamin Schwartz ( Loved it! 😁
I need pussy and nachos and cuddles and maybe some nice jeans, not all in that exact order 😝
Hello Marie ! 😘
Happiest Birthday Ate Kath 😊😘
I'm not losing My Mom 💯😕
The shit I’m going through , strengthens me . Only right 💯 .
LIKE HOWWWWW 💦💦💦
Just tellin the truth. 😀
Tell me why fries and BBQ sauce is better then eating it with ketchup 🤔
Water baby 💦
[VIDEO] 03.24.18   Digital Ad Placed in New York Times Square 👏💕💕 Cr.
180325 preview OMG Don’t do that😭
Whatt😂😂😂
prognathism syndrome🤷‍♀️
Oopsie! Feel better soon xx 💕
It’s ok “this time” 😭😂
my loves💕
BOOM! Tannon Snow launches the WALK-OFF 💣! wins, 1-0.
Stormy Sunday 😆
Another political purging planned? And here I thought this was a Democracy. How silly of me.😕
I really can't handle Momo's kissing face 😂
As if wasn’t the 🐐 already!! This right here touched me
BTS ranked 1 in todays month Kpop Brand Rankings. the fact bts did nothing but made it to rank 1. i love kings 👑
[ ‼️STEP OUT WE ARE STRAY KIDS‼️
Grapefruit League Standings : 2018  Spring Training  .⚾️  2018…
🙏 ALDEN HaligiNgPangarap
How be when this shit start playing 😂
I just wanted to see my faves reaction..what's my own with sneaking people 🙄🙄
Happy Birthday! 🎉🎈
Attending my Sibs Recognition and Graduation, buti pa sila may awards. 😭
I just read some old ass messages and it made me sad 😕
Retweet if yu would answer🙏🏻😇
Look👀It's the 3 Stooges 😈
This guy yesterday said, metro don't fucked around . Y'all roll deep 😂😂 and y'all got good deals lmao
Good! 😍
bad eyesight i guess 😔✊
Unfortunately I booked a non-refundable hotel for Wednesday in Calgary, so someone please come see me 🙏🏻
Ezi always being childish 😂
I've died gone to heaven 😚😚😚
Retweet to bless someone’s timeline 🍑
Difficult one but probably the one against Spurs after we just had scored the 1-0. Amazig moment/feeling. 😀 …
Perfection 😍
HGHGHGHGHGHHHH 😍😆
not fair! Not fair! Not fair! 🐐
she's so precious with her fans, omg 😭
6th mini album [ ✨✨ Concept Image 1 2018.04.02 18:00 (KST)
Democrats aren’t the brightest light bulbs in the lamp ... 🤔
ROBOT!✨
Foreal😂💯
🌹 BTS KEYCHAIN GIVEAWAY 🌹 ➖ FOLLOW US ➖ RETWEETET THE TWEET ➖ COMMENT WITH ONE MEMBER FROM BTS IN A H…
iamsad cos i miss y 🙂
Yes boys 😂😂😂😂
yooo this kid is coming for throats 😂😂😭
Thank you ❤️
Some say I’m going to hell 🤷🏽‍♂️😂
Still waiting for exo 😩
If yo line dry but people think it’s bussing retweet this🤔😭
yellow is such a dope color, reminds me of sunshine and happiness and sunflowers and lemonade 🌼🍯💛🍋🌟🔆🐝☀️🌻🐣
Tonight 💕.
😭😭😭 finished OMB!! You are incredible 💕💕
Your vibe makes you pretty. ✨✨
I'm not losing My Mom 💯😕
Happy Sunday Jaanus! ❤   (Source - ) …
Says yet another amazing soul ☺️
Trying to sing in Spanish 💀
Happy birthday to the king himself Sir Elton John ❤️ see you soon
So lovely ☺️❤️
Gain 500+ actives fast! 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
LeBron back to catching bodies 😳
🐭 The time has come for  Who's going to wake Suga up and tell him it's time for hugs?
600 retweets = 600 followers! RT if you follow back!! Follow me   🔥🔥🔥
Man my husband must be 🔥🔥, because God STAYS blocking me from being in a relationship. Lol
babu entry 😍😍🔥
6th mini album [ ✨✨ Concept Image 1 2018.04.02 18:00 (KST)
03.23 | Su carita de felicidadㅠㅠ💖 his face of happiness is everything💖     …
Because you quoted our tweets 🤷🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
Funniest scene omm 😭😭💀
Our gfm will be closed today at 12 MN KST. Paypal and bank transfers will be open until April 7 🤗 Donate now! Every dollar coun…
Im the alpha, the omega, everything in between 👑💋
Nah igy man. Why was he order in foundation for himself in the first place though? Actually, I don't want to know 😰
Malik Newman is one of the best examples of being patient in college b-ball and trusting the process, that boy hoopin💯
SOME DO 😅😅🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️😭😭
Looks🖤
RT: Minecraft Server   💎
ROFL 🤣🤣
I am so inspired by the commitment and intelligence of these young people, long may it continue 💜
Could definitely not live in a city long term 😫
Can't wait for Kaylas baby shower 😩😩
This girl speak the truth 💯
You should be heading towards the Accra Mall by now. 💥💣
20180324 blue boy💕
How about purple? 😆
1 final thanks AND gotta rep my boy JHope!Namjoon, all in good fun, all ❤️ for RM! Congrats…
🎁  TO ENTER: 1- RT + FAV 2- FOLLOW 3- TAG 2 FRIENDS END 48Hrs
|180324| preview3p welcome🤐😁
~ This video is a beautiful reminder of how we should treat ALL animals 🐾 💞.   h…
i’m not taking any chances rt for good luck 🍀
Mane forgive me for reading this Shit 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
I swear I have a hangover 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
A little profesional expensive cake for my mom 😊
🔥 The best dnb tracks of the month are in featuring , and more. Get locked! 👉 …
Pity I’ve got some bleach he could have 😜
That's right, Legs was the correct answer!💕💕💕
Beautiful first day skiing ❄️☃️🎿⛷
⚠️⚠️SPOILERS⚠️⚠️ THIS SET MAKES SENSE NOW! Nya, Lloyd, and Pixal were all left behind so...yeah. Naturally they call Skylo…
63 million Trump voters will never leave him! I am one of them. RETWEET if you are too!  🇺🇸
In the picture it look cool. 😎 Credit : พิบีคนชิค
❗️PSA❗️If you’re ever being harassed by a guy, give them this number 646-926-6614. When they call, they’ll hear “Oh, hello…
omg I miss cheering sooo much😩
i can honestly say japan got me not wanting to go home🙏🏼🔥
SAYA LANG. THAT'S BDL!!!! 😍
beach please 🌊
I wish I had good curls😫 I would wear my hair curly everyday
If you thought it was TOO MUCH SAUCE🔥in 2016 then you’re going to like how we WALK IT LIKE We TALK IT💃🏾🗣in 2018‼️Vote
On me 🤓
Um.... it’s a bit sad that Montclair Park’s bathroom keeps getting thrashed. C’mon people Stop 👏🏽vandalizing 👏🏽bat…
happy birthday to the best 😍😍😍😍
I am one with the force today 😎
every time I go out I make a mess before I leave, then I’m omw home looking forward to my empty bed but no it’s just clothes everywhere 🙄
Luke realising he said "summer" in an American accent is the funniest thing "I don't know who I am"😂😂😂 …
Ball time🏀
yooo this kid is coming for throats 😂😂😭
Happy birthday to this B that’s been with me since O6 hope you have a blast day ily sista 😘💗
[Updated] 25/03 3PM KST   Melon  (-8)🔥🔥🔥 Genie  (+4) Naver  (-) Bugs OUT Mnet  (+7) Soribada  (-…
Tough 😤
good evening 😉 how are you?
I love when a nigga smell good 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
WORK!!!😍😍😍😍
That ass make any nigga wanna be a top 🙌🏾🤤 🖤
my beauty queen best friend 💖 @ The Zone Bar &amp; Grill
Same 🤷🏽‍♀️
🌎💞 Let's create a world without fear, terror, racism or war~ a world of peace and hope for the future…
I’ve worked 17-18 hour days for the past five weeks. Literally 120-130 hour weeks. Time for a nap...😴😴😴 But, I put in…
look who's talking 😝
Woahhh! Have you seen this photo of and his bias J-Hope from  backstage? 💚
Anything good on TV tonight? 😆
Nobody is untouchable on the  Not even Odell Beckham 🤔
Aw thank you em love and miss u so much!!💓💓
I can't decide if I want to punch his face or give him smooches🤔😳
We Hiring If Anybody Need A Job ‼️
if only i wasn’t 7 hours away💕💝💓💝
I know I’m sorry. I’m supposed to be looking at the person. I apologize to the women. All I can see is breast. 😞
🚨GOAL!🚨 with the shortie!  down just one!
Just think, she's putting on the pounds and you're losing them. 🤣🤣🤣
Feeling lucky? 🍀 Try our Ethereum dice game today at
Retweet and then DM me for a naughty picture! ❤💋
I GOT IT LIVE FT AND 🥂 BEST OF THE NIGHT. STILL NOT OVER IT. …
Ooh yeah? I don't mind looking like him tho🙄
Check out the timelapse of this masterful painting of the Siege of Lordaeron! 🎨
Mannn if this ain’t my squad 😂😂🙄
Why mfs try me idfk 🙄..
BILLBOARD TOP 100 ARTISTS CHART UPDATE EXO RANKED # 65 THIS WEEK 64➡️48➡️35➡️71➡️71➡️65 BILLBOAR…
“I tha pappy”🤪😂
Yes, boat life is great me well😌
OUTREACH💛👵 [
📹 aveanexalea: Meeting the bandit faction for the first time like
They realized all them ass whoopings &amp; lectures DONT MEAN SHIT 😭
1️⃣week left,  We're counting down the days to Burn The Stage with a special trailer and a day devoted to each BTS me…
4 days left to vote for ‘Global Music Star’ 🏆 - representing Asia at KCA 2018. Website voting has closed. Twe…
I personally think beards changes lives 😍
Letters starts with A,B,C Number starts with 1,2,3 Music starts with Do,Re,Mi And love starts with You,And,Me😊❤️💍
1️⃣week left,  We're counting down the days to Burn The Stage with a special trailer and a day devoted to each BTS me…
⠀ ⠀ No matter what No matter why Just smile. ยิ้ ม ไ ว้ 😊 ⠀
Laced up, dripped up, sauced up ✨🌙
I’ll accept all advances and 1017 chains in a Gucci backpack 🤷🏾‍♂️
When you do everything to get kicked off the unit with the nurse you hate. Mission accomplished. Being a bitch comes in handy 🤙
Can we rub their faces in this? It makes me mad jeez! 😤
Team bonding lead to fun bonding 🤟 virat.kohli
Morphe x Jaclyn Hill palette ✨ (must be following me to enter)
Odell got this wedding reception lit 🔥😂
✋🏻Raise your hand if you were bullied in school but somehow managed to get by without bringing a weapon to the classroom…
If she not trying be your girl don’t give her the world and if she looks like a white don’t give her the dick 🙌🏽💯🤷🏼‍♂️
Fuck toy niggahs 😂 I do it , makes it easier for those who don’t follow me to view my feed 🤷🏽‍♂️
lmao ikr 🤧🤧
Who else used to keep money in their socks..🖐🏽?
He is so fluffy. I'm gonna die 😭😭
GIRLS FOOTBALL ⚽️18 SSE Wildcats Centres in Bedfordshire 🙋‍♀️5-11 year olds 🦁Fun Sessions  📍Find your local sessi…
What will happen with me if Daewon teaser comes next?? I should hold my self not to scream in the class. 😶😶😶😶
My love💗 cr.61degreecelsius
This year is flying , April is next week . 😩
gracias, Argentina!!! CHILE, your turn! 📹:
They are so adorable😩😭
All the best to couple 🌷👍
And i’m so glad that i just woke up at 5 am 😂
Goodnight!!! I love Wonwoo so much!!!!! Hope he has a great day!!! 💕💞💓💗💖💘💝
If u want it, fight for it🤷🏽‍♀️
Lol. All my answers. I just had to scroll more🤣. Sorry!
Love  follow my gram 💀
Hello Spring! ☔️ A change in the season welcomes new opportunities and possibilities.
😂😂 won’t even nobody around them
Deji is right- Jake is a Pamster!!❤️
When Jungkook sang 양화대교 😭 He was so nervous to finally join Zion T. on stage, but he did so well! He sang parts of the song ma…
We don’t deserve Kirby 😭😭😭
In Years 🗣
👉🏾👉🏾👉🏾 EXCLUSIVE: Company involved in Gupta VAT payout previously involved in Moyane nephew scandal via https://t…
My week on Twitter 🎉: 25 Mentions, 1.95K Mention Reach, 89 Likes, 2 Retweets, 500 Retweet Reach. See yours with…
i’m so ready to get my own shit bra 😩 apartment &amp; car !!! seriously
This⚠
IM LABYRINTH STINKTS 🍀 Let's Play SUPER LUCKY'S TALE  via
We always love to put gautier in their place smart guy 😴
I wish saying “I don’t want to come” was socially acceptable 😅
is ongoing! Join our bounty and collect 500 Points every day! 🔥 Top 20% of bounty participants…
Bruh this whole video outta pocket 😂😂😂
Happy birthday hope your day is amazing girl❤️✨
Follow your own  regardless of what others tell you to do ❤
Everybody pissing me off &amp; today is not the day 🙃
Which  star are you backing to score the most goals at the World Cup? 🤔
Hmmm, Hurts So Good ... ▶▶▶ ◀◀◀
No more "goodnight bb 💕" No more "ilaffchutoo 😘" No more call from you. No more morning text from you. No more you in my l…
Two hands feels soooo much better though! 😁
Happy birthday ❤️!!
Was playing volleyball when i saw this. It’s so beautiful, i kerai 😍😭 A rainbow in the clouds.
only in Memphis 😂😂😂🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️
My heart 💔
180316 The ElyXiOn in Bangkok 🐻💕
Of course you are. You need his energy🔋
Some filth to start ya day 😊
The boss 🙌🏼
There’s legit a tiny wreck on 1247. And 4 cops. 😑 AND A FIRETRUCK WUT
True😂
If this video gets anywhere from 5,000 to 10,000 retweets I’m dropping the song...🔥🔥🔥
Talk about Bravery 😂😂😂😂
Omg it was “Crazy Hair Day” at my cousins school and she wore this 😂
God has shown me in the best ways that it’s never going to be for me. 🤷🏻‍♀️
It seem like you move on and all yo old flames try to come back 🙄
Yeah. That was smooth😎
squad goals 🙌🏾 x
Last night at the 👣 [📷
Happy Birthday! 🎈🎂
I can’t bee-lieve it’s the first day of Spring! 🐝
Android Users Always Wanna Argue 🤣 Stfu Before I Take Your Battery Out 🙄...
to gain 2900+ followers real quick ❤❤❤🙌 👉  👉  me an  all RTs/Likes 👉  💯💯
got the socks so it’s safe to say I’m officially going to 🤷🏼‍♀️
She is threatening them with bacon!! I love it. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
"I cut my arm I need some peroxideeee" LMFAOOOOOOOOOO 😭
minsung 🙈
NO NAME 📝
exclude the unimportant people ✨
Damn Florida 😢
Now for something completely different 😂
A 2nd team of 🇦🇺 line mechanics continue work in the areas of 🇹🇴, hardest hit by  Essential Energy, Transgrid…
IM DEAD 😂😂
The Wings Tour🦋 J-HOOOOPE
bro I miss my boyfriend sfm rn 😩
😏😏😏 knows who a huge portion of their content comes from. We love our meme Kings.  https://…
EXO successfully closed their 'EXO PLANET  - The EℓyXiOn – in BANGKOK' concert✨ EXO enthralled fans with amazing perform…
it is especially with salmon 😋😋😋😋
Thank youuu 😊😊
Khia got suspended on IG 💀. All that Roastin’ and gaggin’ from her grandmothers den cancelled
Half tempted to go BD 🤭
I’m so disappointed in my city😂😂🤦🏾‍♀️
Lmaooo man look at sandy😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀😂😂😂
Coming soon~💕
JanaSena chief exposes  👏
so cute 😍😍
Those girls we added on snap that we met at the 90s 😂😂
It was quite a shock! ☺️
💜🎗🎀 Thank you Southview Baseball and Tiger Moms
Happy birthday, Torres! 😁🎉
Shae apologised because that’s Joy and that’s Trina, basically bow down hoe. That wasn’t even an apology of growth 😂
Retweeting won't cost you anything. Appreciate this legend. Not all Super heroes on art work are appreciated 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 https://t.…
Bitches ain't shit mm 😂😂
Did Boban even jump? 🤣
Omg it was “Crazy Hair Day” at my cousins school and she wore this 😂
I love my life rn ‼️💉🗣 dreams coming true 🙏🏾🏈
I trip because i care, be careful when I’m silent 🤧
seasonal robins and morgans 💕
I’m watching you 🤞have to admit... you 2 have me soooo confused rn!
running into trees and get slapped in the face by a branch was worth it... sorry:(💛 kill
cute 🐯💜💜
I agree with everything but this Chris Brown gif 🙄🙄
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 when he said Courtois I was goneeee.
I get worried everytime he post his art 😥😥 Sungjong, what is happening to you??
180317 The ElyXiOn in BKK  - Lucky One ( focus)   📽
This sweetheart was injured but still did his best to perform! 😭
Blimey 😳
Nadine Lustre is on 🔥🔥🔥
Where is bed? 😂
We are so proud of you all. You all done amazing tonight. Team Bankier rule😀😀😀
A bunch of stupid shit daily 😂😂
I believe most people are good, and most mommas oughta quality for sainthood 💞
1️⃣week left,  We're counting down the days to Burn The Stage with a special trailer and a day devoted to each BTS me…
🔆 attention! 🔆 please RT AND FAV (for an RT deal race) this tweet to help an ARMY and also vote for our fandom! 🔅 333rts 🔅…
Rock it out! 🤘🏽🎸
Lmaoooo this was us growing up 😂😂😂
✋🏻Raise your hand if you were bullied in school but somehow managed to get by without bringing a weapon to the classroom…
OMG fletch just kissed Jac on the forehead 😭😭😭😭😭 I’m not okay
170318 The EXO'rDIUM in Malaysia 🐻🐻🐻    …
WHY AM I ALWAYS DOING THIS 😂😂😂🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴
Some niggas get the girl that everybody wants and forgets that she is STILL the girl that everybody wants 🗣...but good morni…
Hard work won’t go unnoticed and pretending won’t either. God bless🙏🏾
Favorite way to wake up these days 🐣
I've never seen this whole video I'm crying 😭
Lmaoooooo CONE HEAD 😂😂😂😂
👋 Thanks for the shout-out, But bridges are still better than walls. And California remains the 6th la…
I hope my future suegra and I have this type of relationship 😢
if my man say he wanna see me , im canceling all plans idc who mad 😂😂
yes please 😔
- The wildcard.♠️
when herb said “even if we fall off i don’t wanna let that take my friend away” i felt that 🗣
let me check my calender 🎉😁
NBA YoungBoy &amp; Future Got A Banger 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
https…
So excited about my next placement, exactly where I’ve been dreaming of going 😃 really hope I can involved in the p…
Ddlg ment - Me: i love cats and cat ppl theyre cute and i love them 🐱 Some freak: OH so youre into ddlg? Want me to…
Jimmy Graham and Aaron Rodgers? Yikes!👀
Sheeesh homie , well I'll be praying for you dawg 😬
Alto updddd caretaaass!!🖤
StealthCrypto™ "Quantum Mesh Network™" QUBIT blockchain™ executes an incentivized P2P autonomous network with no infras…
🍸🍀 photo ref by thank you ♥
200 RETWEETS = 200 FOLLOWERS ✨ RETWEET if you want to gain 💞
💪💪💪 I'm voting for the  Vote for your favourite driver here:
Milkshakes topped with burgers 🍔
Announce Original Series called 'BTS: BURN THE STAGE' due out later this month and fans are FREAKING OUT RN! 😱😬…
Most guys don’t give a shit as long as they get theirs. So no need to try and fake it cause they don’t care 😂
Rise and shine. It’s not anymore. It’s Wednesday today. 🤗
👑 KINGS
😂 ''flops'' and ''big bong''. This is how it's done, dear newbies. This is what ''kings'' means.
Saddle up partner, it’s time for a bike ride 👊
“God’s plan” 🤷🏽‍♀️
🌥️ Knife Life Case  ⛅️ CLICK 🌤️ Like + RT + Follow us ☀️ Tag your friend 🏆A winner in…
🌕Follow Everyone Who ●▬๑⇓๑▬▬▬▬๑⇓๑▬● Likes or Retweets
Plus reciting some morning &amp; Night Azkar to pave way for a hitch free day ✨
Vamos!!!!! Love these games &amp; Old Trafford atmosphere 👊🏻🔴
Uhhmm...someone is jealoussss 😬 YEP 😂😂😂
😁😁😁COOL😉
💥 Sex Date Join Here 100% Free 🔥 ••► 🔥 ••► 🔥 ••► 🔥 •…
1: Retweet this🍒✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🍒✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🍒✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
I picked it out😜😍
To keep shit 100 I’ve never gotten ‘left’ I do the leaving. I get chased. 🏃🏾‍♀️🏃🏾‍♂️💨
My dick is hard🙌
Last shooting day..😍Goodluck  Direk tnx for the portrait...
On to the next one! Great fight from the team tonight &amp; Seba is 🐐
Opera mini is increasingly becoming an annoying app😒😒😤
That's one reason I love ppl from other religions- Allah forgive me plz🙈🙈🙈
Left out half 💓
Good boy, good boy  🦄
Wow, I just got these for free!! All COLORS. hurry for the deal expires 😍😍😍 …
You were amazing ❤️
Those numbers yalls 😭
THIS IS AMANZING, I'M CRYING I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY 😭💕
rt this to gain wannaone stan mutuals, follow whoever rts and don't forget to followback! 🐾
Please, do NOT go to PP, they don't care one bit about YOUR CHILD, the child growing close to your HEART 👶❤️👶
🔥🔥 2x 25,000 Coins Giveaway 🔥🔥 Follow &amp; Retweet Tag a Buddy Try out 3 Hour
Beautiful Liam ❤️❤️
Please unretweet this tweet. DO NOT RT OR LIKE ❌ This article is not a positive article about EXO.
Thank you! 😊
Sorry😚
❤️❤️❤️💖u get me
Cute🤗
📢 I'm starting live on  !
It’s been a unique kind of day . Hope yours went well. ;)👋
'How my cat lets me know when she wants to come in' 😂😂
💄 The Best Free 18+ Dating Site 💋 Get your Fuck Buddy Now ! Click ➤ Click ➤…
😂😂😂 hello cousin
south africa’s finance minister malusi gigaba quoted “urban poet” “alright” in his speech 🙌🙌🙌 …
‼️   March 13 ‼️  for  in  Polls are open 7am-8pm Check your…
Made a sandwich 10 min ago and been looking for it ever since then🤦🏾‍♂️ I gotta stop smoking😂
Wow Craig Mack Rest In Peace 🙏🏾
What a fuck🖕🖕
Show me memes i havent seen before 🙄🙄🙄
Follow Everyone who LIKES this tweet 🌞
🇺🇸VOTE FOR RICK SACCONE🇺🇸VOTE FOR THE AMERICA FIRST AGENDA🇺🇸ITS ABOUT THE ECONOMY   …
Alhamdulilah!! ❤️❤️ I’ve officially joined the Muslim family😭❤️
Yoga bum🍑✨ RT if you wished you were smothered with this right now 😂
Especially If Ion Speak On It To You Then I Really Don’t Give A Damn 😂
ever been so bored you just got up and took a shower? 😂
He definitely got the job 😂😂
TOP 4 Highest selling boy group in South Korea (Physical Sales)👑📀 1. EXO - 8.7M+ 2. Seo Taiji and Boys - 7.2M+ 3. HOT - 7.0…
DON'T 👏 GO 👏 HACIENDA 👏 WITH 👏
Theyre calling Mike Smith their “savour” (trust me, thats how one fan spelled it 😭) and if he fucks up in the playo…
Happy Birthday to a lifelong friend! I love you Mai Mai ♥️❣️💋❤️
Bitches always tryna beef with me lmfao MOVE UGLY 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
i'm dead 😂💀
BTS will star in an 8-episode docuseries on YouTube March 28! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Thank you!! 💖
“It matters if you just don’t give up.” ⚡️ “Stephen Hawking dies aged 76”
How can I make your day better when I’m also very down and busy here 😭💔
UPDATE || Harry backstage in Paris ! (2) ©hugo_constans
400 fast Retweets = 400 fast follows Follow me for more Tweets! Let's fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥  🏁🏁🏁
My nephew so mad he a hamburger 😂😭😂😭😂
I am the girl from this tweet. 😂🤷🏻‍♀️
can we take a minute... god damn you are an angel❤️ give her the damn respect she deserves
Plsss😂😂😂😂naw ill mess around a crack a joke on the Dj
Look at his smile awww 😱💞💞
uhm who did it better? 🙈👌🏻💛 love you guys!! I had a great time!
Good Morning! 😊😍 Thank God for MaiChard 😪❤ Laban lang!💪 📹aldubvideos
You’re so beautiful 😩😍
good luck✌🏻✌🏻😸
Dont rush me if you not going to be ready 🙃
rt for a dm with alessia cara.🥀 -💛
This is the reasons why i’m afraid of falling in love again..................😌
🚨 CONTEST ALERT 🚨 Own a piece of  history by RETWEETING for the chance to win an autographed Patrik Elias poster f…
And throw a fit because they can’t be seen or have to wait to be seen... 🤬
You lurvvvvvv it 😂😂😂😂
Your voice is very beautiful💕💕💕
Text TOAD16 £10 to 70070 to support Margaret Cooper's work protecting toads in Oxton 🐸
🚨NEW VIDEO🚨 Check out my brand new speed build of a kids bedroom with a Hamster cage! WATCH HERE ➡️…
Bitter people will do and or say anything to make themselves feel better 🙄🤷🏾‍♀️😊
Low key Lil Wayne handled that maturely. Could b worse 🤷‍♂️
♠️Play the underdog♠️
😘 There c…
Am I just getting played 👀🙃
Happy birthday 😊💖
only😊 respecting😊 women😊 you’re😊 attracted😊 to😊 isn’t😊 respecting😊 women😊
Kookies attitude is taking over🔥
Congrats ! 🙌🙌🙌
Tweeting this video so I never lose it 🤣
hoes b having iPhone 5c's talmbout "who want me🙄" .. bitch Verizon does u been eligible for an upgrade since 2015
So what disease you tryna catch 🤢🤮
Girl fuck you, @ every bitch who think we beefing 💋
Thank God For Life, Health and Strength 🙏💪✊💯
😭😭😭😭 How did I miss that??? That's a great line up!
98.5K😍😍😍😍😎 pure Mass  Fans Things SAMRAT VIJAY BDAY IN 100D
Fam took his family out in his sidechick car 😭😭
LMAO! I just invented the coffee shortcut. Out my nose! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👍👍👍
Levi’s coming-home/hospital outfit is here 😭😭 and his swaddle 😭😭😭 ✨🙏🏻💕👶🏻🤰🏻
Take your heart ♥️
SUpport   💙🎶💛
Imagine dating someone that doesn't know you have to recite the national anthem before sex.😥😥😥
Only you 💔💙.
MONGGGGGG. should i ts as baejin now? 👉👈
YG made this wallpaper with white on the center so the music player will cover it when you’re playing the song 😭😭😭😭😭 🌻…
like/rt if you support team darling (td). 😋💕
The way David looks at Rafael, just so adorable 😍Aaron look at what you're missing 😡 come back and get your MAN he's the pu…
Coffee and music these only tandem makes my mood at peace. ☕
🚨ALERT🚨- You've all been labeled bots on this site
Last month my vinyls fell to my bed (luckily there's nothing broken) but I was upset tho. How can I ever forget that 😭
I will now be accepting donations to get iMessage cup pong lessons for cause I’ve been peelin her😂
so much respect for this guy.. 😭
All in favor of an + collab say I!!!!! 🙌🏻
Check this video 👉 March Madness Stereotypes .............................................
Mais wesh ?!! 😭😭😭
I’m just gonna slide in real quick 😂😍💗
🌎Live Sex Chat and Live Porn Shows 🌎Chat with 700+ Cam Girls Online 🔥 🔥 🔥 ht…
You’re so beautiful😧😍😍
Animal theme was today’s focus during gymnastics. lots of 🐻 🐧 🐸🐊 🙊 movement taught today 🤣🤣🤣
RT: Congressional Country Club 🏌 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
is the ONLY official bounty channel, be aware of the scam my friends‼️
You love the C word 👍👍👍😄
How can ppl leave the house smelling like a bag of onions!? You smell yourself before anybody else does!! 😷😷
But why didn't De Dea feature in the match against Sevilla Today because the De Gea I know can even save the world😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hot teen gives blowjob in POV 😍
say it ain’t so Joe 😭😭😭😭
If you dance like this hmu prom 2k18 👀
Guam! you were wonderful 😍 i gave u guys the best body roll i had in me 😂 that's how it's pose to be 😎 …
that is my club you're referring to 😡 😡 😁
pachimaris for  🐙❤️
A true representation of the blue &amp; white. 🔵⚪️ Congratulations on an outstanding NFL career, Pos! Come visit us in Hap…
🔥M4A1-S | Decimator (FT)🔥   24h ⏰ 🔄RT + FAV❤️ ✅Follow &amp; ➡️TAG 1 Friend …
We're forever going to miss &amp; together. 💔 🔊SOUND ON 🔊
Tweeting this video so I never lose it 🤣
Let’s do this too EXO-Ls!!! 💪🏻
You just made me laugh, cringe and grab my breasts at the same time!!😂😲😣
Stream No Excuses on Spotify and Apple Music 🤪
The fluffiest, most precious baby boy 💕 cr. MoNiJunNi
Retweet &amp; like this 🍗✅ Follow all who RT &amp; like 🍗✅ Followback everyone 🍗✅ Follow 👉 TheyEnvyMe_x  🔥
⏬ watch ⏬
You won't wake up, Bakaaaaaa!!!! 😂😂😂😂 if you use that as your alarm... LMAO! 😆
💙Baby Boy Blue💙
good morning ❣️
🥊🚫🚨❌ Best Fan Army ❌🚨🚫🥊    136⏳..
Today’s video is wild. LIKE if I should post It now... 🤪
Good to read that the renal SpR club is keeping up a great tradition.... 😁
Just had a nose bleed for like the first time ever 😱😢
Puppers! Make her stream HoTS since you won’t 😔
Yes this would be a super great idea 💡
She gone love me tomorrow 🙃
Red Velvet's Bad Boy Music Video reached 64M views🎉🎉    🎬…
❄️ 8,700,000 views+ ❄️     BDS 🔗 …
I love this song 😍 looks so good and his voice 💖🔥
Hilarious 😂
"Pull up on Ya (feat. Azor)" by 👑 on
FS // childhood friend , 3nz fdaitch, wayed habla w mool mb 9a7ya 💋 you're one of my close friend and you're always their for…
I keep that mf thang on me 😤
Nahfr definitely for me mfs hate me on here 😂😂
Hey,guys cmt so questions for me to answer ily guys 😍😘
Yie lovelife probs ☺☺
I rarely go on Snapchat now ☹️ Used to be my 2nd favorite app
them forever: “B-b-b-b-but Black don’t travel...😬 th-th-th-there’s no m-m-m-market for it overseas🤥...” us always: “..…
this song is forever a vibe 🌺
Yoooooo congratulations brother 🙏🏽✊🏽🤜🏽🤛🏽 i know how hard you work to get where your at KEEP PUSHING HOMIE 💯🔥
DRAW! The draw for Players Championship Three has been made... play to start at 12pm on PDCTV-HD! ➡️ …
We’re looking for front-end devs at Airbnb. Web, iOS, Android. Come work with me and build cool stuff 😬
“Where are you” 🐰: In your heart
Happy birthday, Jujubear 💕
i love you💕
🚨🚨🚨ARMYS! Don’t scroll, don’t ignore, other fandom is currently voting FASTER than us. We're  voting rate 🚨🚨🚨 IF YOU SEE T…
ChanSoo 👀🙈
130K Likes for  🕺🤘🤘 TRENDING AT NO.1 with 4.4 M Views
moneybagg just out here fucking shit up 😩
👶🏻Kids get cancer too &amp; we need your help🙏🏻PLEASE 👀this short video🎥. A story like no other💯 …
Was this song an extended metaphor or is it literal with no deeper meaning 🤔🤔🤔
So there’s this guy who’s been trying to take me out for a while now &amp; I came to eat with my dad and i saw him and 😂😂😂😂 ht…
I’m love 😭
25 of our folks at Old Trafford today. Riot imminent 🔥😘
But water is dry for Doctor Strange.😂
I need someone to vent to before I fuckin explode 🙃
GOD BLESS AMERICA ✝️🇺🇸✝️
whys it impossible to fancy a boy that’s nice to u 😂😂😂😂😂 sore heed
Damn that guy is not happy 😀😀😂
XXLMUSlC: Lil Yachty’s “Lil Boat 2” album is out now ⛵️
my heart feels so heavy 😔
CAPTION 😎😍
Haha I don’t know why but you seems too afraid to post anything and decided to quote from SMTown instead😂 Al…
Wait for it 😂...
Win 🏆★ M4A4 | Hellfire 🕙 in 10hr -Go -RT&amp;Like⌛️
113 years!!! Happy Birthday Chelsea 💙💙💙 Love this team! And backing the boys to make it blue today with a win…
Goodnight ppl🤘
Looking for Graphics Designers for the Clan💯DM us
Late night thoughts...according to my DMs on here and on Snapchat, guys really want me to see their dicks. I ONLY 💖 to see d…
Good morning 🍋🥗
Thank you! I miss you lots 💕. I was telling my friends tonight you’re coming in June and we are goi…
It’s a beautiful day❣️
Reach* 🤦🏻‍♀️
🤣🤣🤣🤣PLUG WALK
This ball was CRUSHED. got the Horns back in the ballgame.  🤘💪
Who will the lucky buyer be? 🤷🏻‍♀️ 🤷🏻‍♂️ This amazing home has unobstructable ocean views 🌅 and is located at...
💥| Charlie fought hard for Men's first but missed out 3-2 to UoL Scholar.
Sure but don't scared me cause u always act creepy in rp 😅
It's so frustrating to be super horny and my gf is at work....maybe I'll see if she's up for me sleeping over tonight💦💦💦…
I'm not losing My Mom 💯😕
Wuuuh 😍🙌🏻 Absolutely slaaayin it ❤️😀😀😀
Not shit 😂 I’m happy that bullshit over
Incase you missed it on instagram..... 🤰🏻
F 6’5-265 Soph. 🏀 •2.4pts/g,1.7rebs/g,1a/g •35 3PT%, 71FT% •Glue guy/leader/started in state playoffs, joine…
I need to stop swearing and start tweeting about unicorns and rainbows and act like a good child🦄🌈🍭
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH ❤️
Stay connected to remain protected. 🔥
i need a g herbo in my life 😂 he love his bitch on god 🤞🏽
this song is forever a vibe 🌺
lookin for thos placements 👀
Jump to touch 💚  ©light_gif
os oned pagando mico: a thread 🏡
Here are the exact moments all the Spongebob memes were born 😂
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 Will my  friends please follow me again? Another  is underway. I am down ov…
Ntwana I got you this is the shit🔥💥🚨
⌚️⏰🕰⏱ Just a reminder that Sundays 8-9pm is  - a dedicated chat for parents going through perinatal mental health i…
Prince  ‘s  teaser..Awed the way he looks 👌🏼
Happy  day! ❤️🌱⭐️
thank god you are ok great news 👍👍👍👍
August is my favorite month of the year 😋😅
🏉 1st XV v 🏆 BT Premiership 🌍 The Greenyards ⏰ 12.30pm
Followback yaa😊
jesus 🤣
The first striker to enter the  is the Fenomeno: 😍🖤💙   …
⏳23 Hours Left Before The Voting Ends. Vote On Twitter, Facebook &amp; Instagram. Tweet, Retweet, Quote &amp; Reply Using
Arizona defeats USC behind a MONSTER effort from DeAndre Ayton. 💪 🔥
3 days worth of views💛
Ummm.. My ‘Bangtan Black Hair Era’ senses are tINGLING HONEY- 🤔🖤 /    / ht…
Ahhhh, my eyes my eyes 😫😫😫😫
Bitchhhhh fuck u🙄🙄
Yeah talk shit from a BG website. That’s smart. We have so much ammunition to make fun of Toledo with. Smh 🙄
wonwoo being wonwoo, doing some air guitar while jun imitates him 😂
RT cause this a goal and we gone speak it into existence 🙏🏽
i want a damn baconator! 😠
🚨| Let’s VOTE for  GOAL: 500+ RETWEETS REPLY RETWEET AND QUOTE THIS TWEET WITH  -LoveVais…
Everything will be ok ❤️
Waiting for the rainbow! 🌈
Trust the process ⏳⌛️
LoveNLunchmeat 50 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 50 people.
🚨 Celebrities (😂) Call To Boycott Tiny Island Bermuda For Protecting Traditional Marriage! Bermuda I Am Coming! 😜😜😜
Wow use to be me asf 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I shouldn’t be laughing this hard 😂
Wow, just hope everyone was ok 🙏🙏
I never heard anyone who joined myEcon, THE PERSONAL SUCCESS COMPANY say, " I miss living paycheck to paycheck!"😂😱😂
Cool I can enjoy some Netflix 👍🏻
😂😂my fault g I was bs
got my battle pass😎
I'm literally out of everything haha (And I'm allergic to nail polish) is so bad I don't even have paper to d4aw anything 🤣🤣
Thank you! ❤️
~! 💜  family, BTS fanbases and fan-accounts for voting for the  wit…
Here’s my first post for all you potential piggies and to eliminate doubt 💖 Follow my tumblr while you’re at it https:…
Everybody you lose is not a loss... me on the other hand. If you loss me😂😂😂 You fucked up. Fat ass L stupid ass bitch
✨I'm holding a TRIPLE giveaway event! ✨ ➡️RULES: - Followers only - Like + RT this post - winner gets a free sketch ➡️D…
🕒 2 years ago today (10th March 2016), Louis blessed us outside a Starbucks in LA 🚬  …
man my kids never gonna hear “we got food at home” cause ion want that shit either 😂😩
Thoughts and prayers 🙏
NYC Baby Party prep 👶🏼🌸!
Remember Memphis deepay 😀😀😊😊
Fresh Produce 🍊comming soon to dm to inquire on "Visions" 🌊🌊🌊
Surreal 🙈🙌🏻🖤   📷03.10.18
No words... (📸: 💥👌🏻💥
payback is sweeeeeet 💚💚💚
🙌 1 year ago today the world became a better place.
Anywhere with you💙💚
pastel colors ❤️✨  *Pls don't re-post without my permission* …
🖤LIKE &amp; RT 👣Follow all that likes &amp; retweet this 💥Gain active followers now 💓Follow me 💋
Unplugged? Yung parang sa Mtv noon, big acts with limited audience, all acoustic 🙌🏻🙌🏻 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 https:/…
''Taemin~! Taemin Taemin Taemin!!! You gotta come~~~!!...'' 😂❤❤❤
Alagang Mendoza x Alagang Faulkerson.  *© to the owner of the videos that I screen grab* …
Learn from every  🤔
RT: Lord of Life Lutheran Church for  for Kids from K - 6th grades! 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Take me to the mountains! 🏔🙌
[🎉] BTS COLLAB GIVEAWAY! Rules ↓ •
plz Watch the clip video through Naver Cast! It can help to promote their new song! 9090!🐤🙏🏻💚
10032018 （👤）hansol
1: Retweet this🍒✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🍒✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🍒✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
Yummy {{hugs}} are healing 💗
Happy mothers day to my mumma bear 😘💕deborahstewart1464 thank you…
I want In &amp; Out 🍔🍟
EXO’s Monster MV has surpassed 180 million views!!🎉🎉 It is currently the highest viewed EXO MV!
Houston????? 😂😂😂
Today, we’re celebrating 113 years of Chelsea Football Club! 🎉
done with rehearsals 💃 I’M SO PUMPED FOR THIS
MORE DP  🍑🍆🍆😈👍🏼
Playing around with my m100! 👀
It's so niceeee to see you here. 😢 I'm all alone. 💔
anyways, i wholeheartedly love my baby ☹️💖🤧
A quick Olivia chibi for  💖
I don’t believe in you showing me shit no more, you done already shown yo ass that was enough for me 🤷🏾‍♀️
The truth about the   ⚠⚠⚠ Must Watch❗⚠⚠⚠
One more year at , the coolest event in California 😎 , Thank you for having  ! …
Only if I cud sang 😭😅
😲😲😲😲 Lighting matters. 😂🤣😂🤣😂
This kid is my hero 📸💣
Someone visit me... i hate being home alone 😭
📲UPDATE II Niall playing piano and singing his unreleased song "Why'd take so long" HE SOUNDS SO BEAUTIFUL …
TONIGHT for a fabulous   for one of my besties! 🍾🥂
is turning  today 😉
As a young dancer ( I know, right 🕺🏻) I’m liking the moves on   Looks a brilliant night!
You ok Ed🙄
6 dunks I believe 😂. Should just sack off TT and start Nance Jr.
One of my cousins recorded this in mexico 😂🇲🇽
Sara is very good and we support you very much! Thank you very much for you said that about our aspirations ! 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 👍👍👍…
IG for couples vs IG for photography learning purpose😂
Promoting my fave brand on the ski trails in Austria ⛷🏔
I think I made a twerking song 🤣👀👀👀
In the Royal Vessel. 😁
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (5:00am - 6:00am) 1. BTSARMY - 126.0K+ ↘️…
I die😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😃😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Im unable to can😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😉😉😉😉😉
Retweet this 😤
yes or no🗣
You crazy😂😂😂
Fuuckk🤦🏽‍♂️💔
Lol good girl😙😊
you cheating red headed wanker ' lets go champ 😉💯
Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth at the Oscars 😭😭❤️❤️😍😍😍if you haven’t been shipping them since you were like 11 you’re lying…
🔥 Want to see the full video? ↴ 🔥 Click 🔗 Click 🔗 Click 🔗 …
i definitely take my morning showers in the dark😂😂
THANKYOU 😆💖💖💖
📣ARMYs who sees this tweet please retweet and reply to this tweet with the hashtags so we can keep our votes up and not…
Some ppl really needs to get rid of photoshop 😂😂
180305 [NEWS] Suho will release: 🔱Mystic_Listen song "Excuse You" on 18.03.09 6pm KST 🔱Station song "Dinner…
ILERIN HUHYHY KANGEN. Thankyou sooo much my bundle of happiness 😽💘🌺💕✨
BTS reaction to an ARABIC music !! 😂 Jk and Jimin trying to sing in arabic and Hoseok too 😂 And Taehyung face at the en…
📈 "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing Missouri" is trending today on Google Switzerland (5000+ searches)
[VID] 🔹 IG 🔹 180306  Update
New American Morals on Social Media Platforms: ✔️ Porn 24/7 is permitted 👉 Conservatives speaking truth get banned or shad…
industry  ➡️ ⬅️
Love you yeno 😂😂😂👏🏻 tits
This 👇🏼
she’s so gorgeous holy shiz, god took his time on her 😩
💥12 school shootings in 9 weeks of 2018 alone. 💥30,000 gun deaths per year. 13,000 are homicides. 💥96 gun deaths every…
w/ &amp; ▶️📻 Wait -
I thought this was a random ass white lady tbh 😂
Uplift yo nigga🖤 sometimes you all he got🤝
has crush on She wants to meet bigg boss So funny 😂    …
Colorado Rockies Fan ? 'LIKE' this page too ↓↓↓ 👍
Lmaooo aye fam I wasn’t expecting that💀💀💀😂😂😂😂 on the beach though 🤔😂
Allison Janney, Oscar in hand, screaming “What’s up, bitches!?!?” at her team is everything 😂🙌🏻😍  📹:
[SCANS] UNIVERSE OFFICIAL GOODS SEHUN ©xiuminimal
What can you do for me that I can’t already do myself... I’ll wait 🤔
my future lil family when we take selfies. 🧡
Imagine being this flexible 😣😣
© ame3_jk
I strongly agree👏👏👏
it’s my birthday!! 🦋🦋 {tagged faves}
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨    - (  rate is about to increase fast. Go go! 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
SO MY  IS TOO PERFECT TGT. THIS IS NOT A DRILL. 💙❤    …
I hated summer because I looked AWFUL in a bikini, it was sooo embarrassing! 😩☹️ After I discovered this that all changed…
I found this WAYY old fanart when cleaning up my desktop &amp; did a redraw! Left is from 2011-ish, right is from today 🃏 https…
“You gon pull my hair, I’m gon say ouch, I pull your hair, you gonna say put it back on”😂💀
So I’ve been trying to figure out how she gets out of her cage... 🤦🏾‍♂️
I liked a video Can't Touch Her!! 😅
IF THIS TWEET CAN GET 100 RETWEETS BY 1:30, and WILL WAX OFF THEIR EYEBROWS AT FINAL ASSEMBLY‼️‼️…
Lionel Messi is dominating the Liga numbers 💪
Me too 😒
[ ] rt if u love jung hoseok , follow whoever rts 💜
💞•ʸᵒᵘ ᵃʳᵉ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸ ʳᵉᵃˢᵒⁿ, ᵉᵛᵉʳʸ ʰᵒᵖᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸ ᵈʳᵉᵃᵐ ᴵ'ᵛᵉ ᵉᵛᵉʳ ʰᵃᵈ•💞 {  } …
I follow back 🔥  🔥  🔥  🔥  🔥  🔥  🔥…
🌈🗡️Bayonet Fade Giveaway! 24 hours -RT -Follow -Visit
The snow might have impacted a lot of games this weekend but it didn't stop all of our  clients...💫 https://t…
New song and video otw. 💧
Throwback 🔥
She's A Beauty🌹 B O O K &amp; S H O O T…
RT: Starwood Hotels StarwoodBuzz  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Love PINK! 💔
Uh maybe an in betweener 😬
Congrats my friend!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉👍
One-timer for the OT-winner and the take second in the Metro Division. 👌
Hate to be the bearer of bad news but errruhhh that nicca is a Bi-Sexual!! 🤷🏽‍♂️
✨Pictures are Worth A Thousand Words.... These Speak Volumes !! ✨ARISE And Rain Down Upon Those Who Would Dismant…
Tweet  to vote 😊
Happy Birthday!!! luv you girl 💛💛💛 hope you had a good day!!!
Jane and Weller 😍
Why does this remind me of DJ Khaled and Asahd 😂
Sky walker by Miguel ft Travis Scott 👌👌👌
But is anyone down to hit up Greatest Day Ever in California! :-/ Look at this sick ass lineup 🤤
Looking for a fun stream &amp; big laughs? then check out he is live now on Twitch 👉 -…
This 2018 So Far ! Last Year I Didn’t Even One View From Any African Country 😪 God Keeps Blessing The Blog And Than…
Happy birthday gorgeous 😍
I know a baby is great. Getting that baby is the STRUGGLE 😭🤧
woke up number 4 on iTunes what a great feeling , no preorder 100% independent lmaooo lit , let’s keep climbing 😊💕❄️
This is the first time I followed directions and I was truly happy about the results 💀
🔑🎁 Case Code Giveaway 🎁🔑 - RT + Follow! - Reply w/ your best meme! GO!
Wish Senae was here so we could eat 😭😭
If we have pics n videos together, send me them.😋
I’m really one person that can hold a grudge!!! I pray about this all the time honestly b/c I know I miss so many blessings😢
🌥️ Knife Life Case  ⛅️ CLICK 🌤️ Like + RT + Follow us ☀️ Tag your friend 🏆A winner in…
RT: Church of the Good Shepherd for       🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Birthday coming up soon 👀
Good night to all night owls😍 Sweet dreams 🔥😈💦
📹 | live cover of + Wolves
I loooooved🖤🖤.
The team will be running a Grow Group Taster on 27.03.18 - we'd love you to come along! 😀 L…
Be ready 🚀
lolla south america!!!! 🇦🇷🇨🇱i’m performing march 16 &amp; march 17💕💕single day tickets: htt…
yoooong ! 😤
🍭 HOODIE OF YOUR CHOICE GA 🍭 - 🍭mbf 🍭rt + fave (optional: you can reply the link of the hoodie you want also) 🍭Wor…
Someone hacked my account to Retweet some emotional nonsense 🤣🤣🤣
Hi will like! 😉
Idk how to style my hair for prom 😭😩😩😩
Beautiful 😍😍😍
Finally got my gluntl 🙏 No more rolling up 🔥
Niggas butt rooted for an emoji and a thirst trap 🤮🤮🤮🤮
How are these two Cucks still relevant? Drain the damn swamp already starting with these two Progressive 💩 stains thie…
running on the pitch!!!! 😆😆😆😆 how sad
➊  THIS TWEET ➋ FOLLOW ME AND ALL WHO RT&amp; LIKE ➌ FOLLOWBACK ➎   🐎  🔥 👉
check out Kansas own , Worked with Rich The Kid Lil Wop Quavo Sy Ari &amp; more 💥💥
🚨🚨 BASE LINE
How landing in Tilted Towers really be like sometimes 😂
Athelstan (yes, another 😹) for
My skin is TRASH! My life is a fuckin mess! Im sleep deprived! I love my life🌞
The West Stand entrance continues to take shape at  🏟️
You gon’ learn today😈
📣  - now is the time to  for Sema Hernandez to unseat Ted Cruz! 🗳 Vote March 6, 2018: https://…
Every true American should quote this 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Netflix and Chill @ 9 Kill the Hokage @ 9:30 😈😈😈😈😈
🗣 All Skegee Students Tweet this hashtag 🙂  we gotta build Skegee back up!
First  goal ✅ Screamer from distance ✅ Stoppage-time winner ✅ Happy with that one, Nemanja?!
I need to see them playing Wrapped Around Your Finger, If You Don't Now, Lost Boy in Mexico City 🇲🇽
Own it girl! Hello, hello Kath 2.0!!! 👊👊👊
🎶- SHE SAID DO YOU LOVE ME? I TELL HER ONLY PARTLY I ONLY LOVE ALL DOGS AND RT I’M SORRY -🎶 (
Make it a great Tuesday loves 💛💛 •~ Breathe me~• || || «
💯💥 😈💥 📽️ One Amazing Butthole 🔛     …
“My loves😘” 📸 marlannflores
yes yes!!! ilyt ❤️
Idk ur just two ugly bitches that are baeee ilyyyyyyy😂😂😂❤️
2⃣4⃣ ⚽ Messi 2⃣4⃣ ⚽ Cavani 2⃣4⃣ ⚽ Salah 2⃣4⃣ ⚽ Kane 🔥 La Bota de Oro, más disputada que nunca Todos los detalles 👇…
Can't wait.. I'll be annoying My girlfriend with this 😂
Cute ass Amra😻😻😻😻
Goodluck bro, NA17 belongs to you; grab it😊.
Chandler Riggs’ name wasn’t in the opening credits for the first time ever.. 💔💔💔
N - Napoleon G- Guevara K-Karl Marx ... 😲😱😱😱 If u Look closely in the NGK poster 463 number is visible 🤔🤓 463 is the pa…
When you ask ARMY if they'll ever quit loving BTS. 💜 BASE LINE    https://…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (6:10pm - 7:10pm) 1. BTSARMY - 300.2K+ ↗️…
All the best ✌💕💕💕💕
CrashTags Time!!! Please join us . . . Hosts: 🐱 💀 part of powered by
hahaha I always forget that story happened. Well THANK YOU then. I still think this novel sucks tho 😂
[D5-180306] 11:00 AM KST J-Hope 'Daydream' MV {} 📈Views: 22,940,859 ⏳Next Goal: 30M 👍Likes: 2,6…
👏👏ing cuz we finished tracking EVERYTHING. thanks slatsoundrecording and patrick for…
My mom left me home alone and tells me I can call sancho over. Ha jokes on her porque ni tengo sancho 😂🙃😑
This guy osman really just caught tolliver 😂😂
WISD everybody... We're lit for literacy🔥 yet still can't manage spell correctly.
outbreak just proved that polony is trash 😷
🦋🔪 Butterfly Knife | Blue Steel Giveaway * Winner in 24 hours! https://t.…
Morning ❤️❤️
©The wood in winter ❄️ painted by
Daddy, fuck me harder 💦
Nope. Yemi apparently🤷🏽‍♀️
I never chose to love you, my heart did 💘
🌸ClassNSexy🌸
i hate when people start typin while i’m still typin like i kno u see them dots wait ya turn 😑
OMG ILYSM MANDY 😭💕
If you ain’t beefing bout the money then what’s the problem?💯
Stop growing please 😭
Taron Johnson Scouting Report ❌ On Field Awareness
Fetus Justin performing "One Less Lonely Girl" at The Next Star in 2009 😍
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (2:30am - 3:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 145.6K+ ↘️…
Awww so sad I'm crying I fell so bad 😭😭😭😭😢😟😓
When Someone You Don’t Like Got You Fucked Up 🤣😂🤣😂 PRACTICE YOUR AIMING KIDS 👨🏻‍🔬
I had their “soundtrack” in HS 🤦🏼‍♀️
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show kittykat1012:
My sister snapped me this, but I feel like it deserves to be seen by so many more 😭
It’s just tragic 😔
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! 🎁🎊🎈🎉🎂
the only meal fr yesterday &amp; today was bread, croissant &amp; iced coffee with this few hrs of sleep 😂
🔥Congratulations ↪Mic Drop (Steve Aoki remix) has FINALLY joined the 200M views club!👇 ~Fire ~BS&amp;T ~DNA ~Do…
🔥 See me live, Sex Chat For Free! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ http…
While others are drawing Microsoft word on the board lets not forget about these ones 😂😂😂😂
Dear the Omnibus(t) Spending Bill. 🚫 Money for Sanctuary Cities 🚫 Money for Plann…
I fell in love with a chef, now I'm in soup😭😭
Dismally Biggie 🤣🤣🤣
🇫🇷 stranger things 🇯🇵 stranger things 🇮🇹 stranger things 🇰🇷 stranger things 🇩🇪 stranger things 🇺🇸 stranger things 🇬🇧 stran…
[✓ Lance will remember this bonding moment] [⏳Lance has to make a decision]
Happy Birthday Daniyal🌺 May you have many more😊
Henny cupcakes 🤤
thank you so much 💘💘
Happy birthday sadie!! Love you have a great day!!💖❣️
throwback to when seokjin acted all cool and serious but couldn't help smiling when he scored a nine.. he's so precious 😩…
Could’ve been at work for 12 but I been pushing clients up bc I was mad AF I left work early yesterday... Questioning my actions 🤦🏻‍♀️
My sister snapped me this, but I feel like it deserves to be seen by so many more 😭
Don't play hard to get Play hard to forget 😎
Ya girl always think her period left a day early🙄🙄🙄 Foh spotty😂😂😂 sit ya lor fast ass down😂
That’s what I like to hear, “EARLY 2000s BABIES” we relate to everything the 90s babies do❗️💯 tired of us being thrown with…
💗💖 Could you be the new face of 2018? We launch global model competition  💖💗 For full details about the comp…
A lil selfie since I never post on here 💫
Shoujo sparkles for the best shoujo romance of the century✨
21 years ago today, the Selena movie was released 🌹
I️ ready to see my bby 😍
thankyouuuusomuch!!😍😚😚
your papi 😘
Its Hard To Do Right When Everybody Expect You To Do Wrong🤔😔
{PREV} 180323 EXO arriving at INC airport Cr: OXO_TH   -Admin Fatima🐙
This man is hilarious af dawg 😩😂💯
looking like it's gonna be 🔥🔥 in there
my friend Snegugu just did it 😀
love the quiff ✨
I'm just breathing 🤷🏽‍♀️
Thank you so much my dear friends,thanks for your comments,Likes and Rts😘 wishing you all have an amazing day😚 …
[   CONCEPT PHOTO📸
☀️ waking up to sunlight has to be one of the best feelings☀️
All I want right now is a Drone. Am I asking for much? 😪
rt for a thicc wallet this 2018 💖
🔥 12 Hours 👉 Click ✅ Like + RT + Follow ✅ Get ▶️ ◀️ ☝️ Notificati…
there's a reason that he's on B team after all 🤷
That’s what I like to hear, “EARLY 2000s BABIES” we relate to everything the 90s babies do❗️💯 tired of us being thrown with…
Kanye albums described by The Office 😂
I always do this😂
😏Follow me &amp; everyone who retweet it
Ily more babes ❤️
I need that I misss you sex 😩😭
Bout to be up all night doing this hw 🤦🏾‍♂️
watch over me mommy ❤️ i love you , i promise I’m going to make you proud 💯
These quesadillas w/ carne asada at are something else 🤤🔥
Fun whale fact: their closest relatives are the even-toed ungulates, ie deer and goats and hippopotamuses. 🐋🐋🐋 …
Me: hey can I borrow a pencil goth girl: what? Me: oh sorry. 🕷 𝔠𝔞𝔫 🦇 ℑ ⛓ 𝔟𝔬𝔯𝔯𝔬𝔴 🥀 𝔞 🕸 𝔭𝔢𝔫𝔠𝔦𝔩 ☠️ goth girl: 𝔰𝔲𝔯𝔢🗡
JDL x Eileen Wedding Photos 🎞
📷 eroticvisualart: Erotic Visual Art - updated every hour!
Peace begins with a Smile 💋💋💋 Good Morning ❤ Love Royalty ❤
If you believe these three things, there’s no place for you in Labour 👇
😂😂😂😂 Be fast
the most beautiful barista ˘◡˘☕
RM 180322 「Sunshine」 I really like it.. We’re currently filming 🤣🤣 We’ll quickly go to you Have a good day today !
79¢ slushes @ sonic tomorrow.🤪
The bombs worked, no more fighting in Japan. 🏳️🏳️🏳️🏳️🏳️
🔥AHS: KnightStick Rider Vol: 1 🔥 Dude hit me up asking if he could come cream me out.. N I let him! Another top added t…
I’m single &amp; my DMs are open🤪
Everyone loves  ❤ Part 2
Oh yes, that round sexy ass. 😍😍😍
🌈 Falchion Knife | Fade Giveaway * Winner in 24…
New  trailer has been revealed introducing the X-Force!!! 🔥
But I love U 🦋🌹 170901 ACT lll MOTTE in MANILA
I love You Jesus I worship and adore You Just want to tell You Lord, I love You more than anything 🙏🏾❤️✨✨
🔥📛 FIRE EMOJI UPDATE 📛🔥  now added and  ⚠️🔌Follow our Spotify playlist, d…
Cheers to another year of disappointing my mom 🥂
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Black moms will borrow money from their kids and when it’s time to pay back they say “ As much as I do/did for you “ 🤣🤦🏽‍♂️
🔥 100% free sex cams site 💥 Register now 100% Free !! ↴ ⚡ ⚡ ⚡ …
Meanwhile in Saudi Arabia 😂
💙 Tweet of the day
Dude I’m sleepy, but gym time 🙄😒
Didn’t like Springsteen bitd... But I do now 🤔🤔
Lol only you Kenz 😂🤷🏽‍♀️💗
Relatable 😂
The food ain’t good UNLESS you fuckin your mouth up as you eat 🤷🏽‍♂️
Hasn’t passed anything yet. 🙄
Looks like you’re ready for youngster 🤦🏻‍♂️🤣😂
Happy 2M views and counting!! 👏
Yummy💋💋💋👅👅👅
SHINNING SMILE 🌸🌸
BOYFRIENDS notice fake friends before you do 💯🗣🗣
When yo facilitator says you’re glowing , but really you just high🙃🙂
JOIN US TONIGHT for the Carlsbad Village Art Hop 🎨 Our Courtyard is 1of 3 spots in the Village with pop-up art &amp; g…
Raleigh know that decision on be hard asf New Bern😂❗️
WHY IS THIS SO ACCURATE? 😂💀
Tevin said he need a girlfriend 😂😭😭 whos available ?!
It’s just weed fam 🤷🏽‍♂️
The Catch in Texarkana got some good ass food, might swang on dem boys later 🤔
「️notice ©」️ MIC Drop Remix Music Video just surpassed 200 Million Views and it is the 7th BTS music video to have 200…
Good morning!🌸🌿🌸
🗣 The Wildcats are ELITE 🗣 Mood: 😤
I AM HOLLERING 💀💀💀
The name Zambians have given God 😂
He tried to hold her hair so she could throw up and😩😭
A camera angle to keep you in suspense 🎥
[!!]  is trending  on melon now 💙 after dropping a teaser image     …
To Gain Followers 🚩 ➊ Follow Me ➋ Retweet This ➌ Follow Everyone Who Retweet This ➍ Follow Back to All
1. Easily squashed 2. Left back (in the changing room) 3. Dangerous by Royal Deluxe 4. Is hopscotch an Olympic sport??? 😜
Just because. And the opportunity arose!😎
Follow me I’m new here(2)😄
Left or right? 😈😈 Retweet’s appreciated...
Proof that dogs rescue you right back ❤️
I just want to thank god for all the blessings he keeps giving me 🙏🏾
Oh guys, thanks for the compliment 😚😚 But I just write code and somehow it do…
My fav giant came to our show in Oklahoma last night and brought my other fav giant 🥝🥝  …
📝📝 Barz Alert 📝📝 King Los at it again with his ridiculous dope Freestyles. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I want to learn piano do bad , so I can sing and play my heart out 😭🤦🏽‍♀️
Worth the faint I hope 😁
jeongguk in yellow truly makes him look like an actual baby 💛💫
Dowd just bailed so...delete? Apology? Retraction? 😹
💋Getting ready for the beach thanks to 💗
That’s what I like to hear, “EARLY 2000s BABIES” we relate to everything the 90s babies do❗️💯 tired of us being thrown with…
mfs is not as innocent as they claim😂💀
RT 4 ur chance to WIN a signed bottle of  CLICK on link to see Fluffy get set on 🔥😳 …
Lando is my blooda and I'LL whack you over him 🤧🤘🏾🖤
This man has got The Wright show on strings 😭
We’re obsessed with eating greens in the morning 🌱💪
Our contribution to  📃 Long-term survival in ALK➕  ➡ A case report
He tried to hold her hair so she could throw up and😩😭
💕 I have learned that just because two people argue, doesn’t mean they don’t love eachother. And just beca…
📊  stats update for Favorite Breakout Artist:  - 3.18M FavBreakoutArtistCamilaCabello -…
Omg it was “Crazy Hair Day” at my cousins school and she wore this 😂
I ain’t a snitch but.... 🤷🏾‍♀️ Mothers Real Name : Briana Lofton Mothers FB Name : Bree Bhadd CPS Number (919)212-7000…
Congratulations to everyone involved!! 💫🚀🧔🌟
🔥 Live_Sex 🔥 🔥➤
Back in stock 🚨🚨 Crocs Unisex Offroad Sport RT Xtra Clog Mule Size US 9 (42.5) Price 15,000
Good luck you’ll do amazing 🙌🏼😀😀
and spend the day with your world🌎
OMG EXO-LS PLS HELP ME GET 500 RTS &amp; 250 FAVS BEFORE 04/07 FOR EXO HOLOGRAM KEYRING!! 😱😭 Pls help your co-fam…
*Peggy, this is my choice..*😭
'Soy boy chav cracka college student' I have searched so long to know my true identity. Now I am complete. 😭😭😭
Donny and kisses 😍😍😍
For real whenever you post a pic or vid smiling it makes me smile so keep doing it 💞
some of y’all need to read this 💀💀💀
&amp; 😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️. Name a more iconic duo.
Before the shot Hanes shirt after the shot yeezy🤦🏾‍♂️
His friend from the school said that nobody would tell him happy birthday because of his illness 😞 Today he's 11 years…
An icon 😍
Thanks PLDT 💙💙💙
We are going to talk about our second inspiring woman ✨ Guess who? 🔮
Oh my 😩
LMAO They Lit Asf..✨🔥
Win 🏆 ★ Gut Knife | Crimson Web ⏱️ in 48hr! -Go -RT&amp;Like⌛️
Can’t wait to get drunk and make terrible decisions tomorrow with the girls 🍷❤️
My favorite part of this entire conversation is the “way too much but ok” response 😂
I miss my boyfriend ☹️
He tried to hold her hair so she could throw up and😩😭
Zhangjing vocal is no joke !! His voice literally saves my life💓💓💓😭
B E S T 😂 And I do that all the time
Females with yeast infections taste like buttered tortillas 🤤
💥BOOM💥 love emails like this! The drive, the motivation, the rush to succeed and truly give it all!!! …
“ this vine funny as shit for no reason 😂😂😂 ”
RT IF THE PERSON IN YOUR ICON MAKES YOR HEART GO 💘💖💗💓💞💝💞💓💗💖💘💘💖💓💞💝💝💞💓💖💘💘💖💓💞💞💝💞💓💖💘💘💗💗💓💞💝💓💗💖💘💖💗💞💞💝💞💓💖💘💘💖💗💓💞💝💝💞💓💗💖💘💖💓💞💝💝💞💗💗💖💘💖💗…
lmao why are you always being so mean ? 😂
This Sunday. $50,000. 1 Winner Takes All. ✨ ✨
today's fansign 😍 ©nct_dream_1122
Ray is definitely my ideal type. A guy who is very chill, doesn’t talk much and always have the nicest thing to say💯💗 Th…
i kinda sorta love him, key words: kinda and sorta😽 @ Myrtle Beach,…
Didn’t even know this and I’ve taken 2 naps so far today😎
SEHUN WAS LISTENING TO DINNER ON HIS IG LIVE He said “Dinner.. Our Junmyeonnie hyung” SO CUTE HE IS SO SUPPORTIVE😭😭😭😭😭😭
It’s okay though, I got a detailer at my house about to work on getting it all cleaned up 👌🏼
if I'm dumb over any nigga trust me that nigga RETARDED AS FUCK over me 💯
Im trying to visualize OT7 with black hair.... But I guess it was a flop...im sorry I (still) can't draw them right 😔 https://…
Going out with the buddies on spring break. This should be a fun🤘🏻
I'm crying. 🤣🤣🤣
need it 👜
WHAT'S NEW SCOOBY DOO 😳 ☝/||\☝ _/¯ ¯\_ THEY'RE COMING AFTER YOU 😂 👇 || 👇 _/¯ ¯\_ WE'RE GONNA SOLVE…
This is exactly why my trust is ALL BAD!!! Bruh gone cry in the car. 😭😭😭😭
😂 this game will never get old
But I thought we were back together?....😔
his wife always get to it🤪
MV hits 4M views in less than 11hours (554k likes), GOT7 BEST RECORD BY FAR. 🎊 IGOT7, let's stream hard and h…
Can't be at  Don’t worry! Join in on the fun using hashtag  😎 Show us how you fuel your active lifestyle a…
Good morning 😙😙 Ease you into the week On
Happy birthday Anton- in our hearts forever. ❤️
You like the dress but I like you💕
Some personal news 👇🏾. I am thrilled to be a part of the family!
Awww sweet. And cute. Very cute. 😍😍👅👅💝💝😘😘
is now on Carousell!! Shop her preloved items na, read her funny captions pa!😄Tara, let's support her cause for…
600% profit?? 😣😣😣😣 and payporte is still owing some of their staff, salary since last year ... is life not a pot of beans?…
The Walking Dead 💕
You are more georgeus tho, looking pretty as hell 🔥🔥
Reply to this tweet with "ifb" and follow everyone who likes your tweet/🌲
Glasses, awkward smiles, peace signs, //each other//, name it, we have it 💕♡  💭 …
My Country People 😂😂😂
Gnani and his Siberian Husky 🐾😉
Do you know❔ You might see this sign across England’s roads but do you know what it means? Take a guess with our pol…
Who else thinks Camila absolutely rocks this look? 🙅🏽‍♀️💅🏼
Beautiful😘😘
The  paddock heads to South America for round two at the  🇦🇷 Don't miss the tango, passion and fire 🔥➡️ htt…
LMFAOOOOO “but then Matt came” 😂😭😂😭😂😭 honestly
Brady channeling his inner Gronk 🍺 😂
Slight werk 🇲🇽
We are nsync! 💕
Niggas better stop cheating on their girls 😂🤦🏽‍♂️
Tweets about your brother have me finished 😂😂😂
180310 💛      ©️MarshMallow
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NINAAANG 💖💖💖
THANKS BSF LOVE YOU TOO!💘
Okay 📌
It's been awhile..😎🖤💜😎
love the colours here 💗💜💙
let me drop a couple pics in☺️🤷🏽‍♀️
me, contemplating getting into the music I’ve heard played by much of my family my whole life 🤔
He doesn’t know Spanish but sings it ! Besos y caricias ! Weston Watson el gringo 😆
📣NEW EPISODE ALERT!!📣 Episode 4 - “The Black Episode” - of  is out now on…
Happy  to everyone who was sleeping on the  this season. 😴
Fuck You and fuck a Hook pt. 1 video shot by ☣️🌎🤟🏽🔥
I'm a walking glacier 💎
Nile just showed me this photo about an hour ago. No idea haha. Here where’s that baldy bastard 😂🙈
ALL THE DEETS! 😱👏 TONIGHT 6:30PM.
Really, YOU got THAT all wrong and this type of reporting is WHY we do NOT trust the likes of YOU 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻!
Dis is not a rental🙅‍♂️
We stand with and support Time's UP™/ADVERTISING - For more information, check out the link below.
leaked sfa recording footage 😉🎶🎵🎤🐱🐰🎤🎵🎶😉
i get so nasty when I’m sleep deprived😔
fuck It, been a part of the wave 🌊
🚨2013: Eric Holder’s wife, Sharon Malone Holder, co-owner of an abortion clinic being investigated for Medicaid fraud. ht…
Bold position.......dumb sure, but bold 😂
ARMY, it's time to collect your Social 50 homework! 📝 Which one did you complete today? ✅ ⬜FOLLOW ALL BTS's ACCOUNTS…
THANKS LYDA!! Good luck this season!❤️❤️ go kill it out there!
You earned it...keep working💯🏀
It´s FINALLY HERE - the NEW OFFICIAL 🎤DIVALICIOUS CANDI🍭 HEADPHONES🎧 features on-ear buttons to control both 🎵music…
Because I need cuddles ... 💗        …
Don’t go spitting out of it J! 😂😜
Istg 🙄 and be straight up cornballs .
Idc if I’m lame but I get dumb excited when my credit score goes up 😭
Great advice for writers❤️!
Boss talking about how his baby mama had a good time at his wedding over the weekend 😭
😂😂😂😂😭💔 this
happy birthday lucy leww , hope you’ve had a good day 🤗 xx
💎 DAILY Giveaway 💎 🗡️ Field-Tested ★ Bayonet | Case Hardened 🗡️ ✅ Retweet ✅ Follow us ✅ Reply with First, 3rd and 5⃣t…
current charts : Mnet 1 💙 Soribada 1 💜 Genie 1 ❤ Naver 3 Bugs 13 Melon 20 😭👏👏👏👏👏
Best video ever 😈
THIS PICTURE WILL NOT BE LOST IN HISTORY. RETWEET IT. POST IT. PRINT IT. FRAME IT. SPREAD IT. ✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾 …
Shadow Daggers | Fade (FN) ⚔️ -RT -Follow -Open daily case GL 🤞
Click the link below and view EXO's Wikipedia page as many as possible to increase the social points 🔗…
Oh man😭
I'm Hobi glomping every member of the moment he sees them 😭😍😂
Word 😂mfs was trying be low key about it
Happy birthday to this gorgeous friend of mine!!!😍 🖤🖤
We know what you’ve been waiting for, the winner of  is And we have another message from the boys! 👏…
When you're sleeping and you hear somebody talking about taking your ATM card to withdraw money from your account 😂 https…
So so smooth - oh. 🙈
Finally done building this guy for my girl 📸🔥
funniest shit last night 😂😂😂
⏬ watch ⏬
Y’all too much 😂😂😂😭
jisung: rmb how woojin steal his ramen rmb how and where jihoon bitten him 2park 😂
Sometimes you need to let your hoe side out👅😈🤤
We are highly rated.🔥💖 See our profile on      …
So we gone act like we didn't see that girl take that money??😂😂
What I would give to be here 😩🙏🏽
Twitter friends happy 😃  He want take a photo  😂😂👍🏻 👀🐪🐫 📷
Wow 😂👍 good to know
Go tell your mother 🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈
ARMY, it's been 3 years since RM released "Awakening"🎊🎉 Show some love to this amazing song by streaming it…
When you’re too old for bs 😂
My toes feel cute or whatever 👣😍
° 🌿 ° New day and everything New
Our WJ15 VIII storming down the course 2018 👍👏🐬🔥💪
Get tae fuck, your club is a disgrace BIG JOCK KNEW 🤨
LOL youngjae gave jaebeom lots of parts but for the parts youngjae wanted, jaebeom gave them to jinyoung 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 https://t.…
I like it. Yeah BTS IS TAKING THE WORLD NOT ‘KPOP’ excuse me 😉   …
1: ♥️Retweet this💫 2: 💫Like this♥️ 3: ♥️Follow all who like and rt this💫 4: 💫Follow back all that follow you♥️ 5: ♥️Gain fo…
The Lesson Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir ( have taught the Entertainment World is HERE 🔥🔥🔥⏬: …
“Arsenal are 6th” 😂
i can't wink and look cute. how does he do it??  ❣❣
happy birthday pretty girl, hope it’s been amazing 💖💖💖💖
you handsome ❤❤
Dispatch x Legends 💜
The Limited Edition Fortnite BR Headset - AVAILABLE NOW 👉 Use My Unique Code FORTNITECENTRAL a…
Shoufty we fethi bey2olo 3enek de lenses 😂😂😂
like a Gentleman 💯
Boys 💙
This hashtag making me realise how ugly I really am. 💔
Lmao 😂thank you
I have nothing to worry about 🙃
how your teeth so white tho 😩 so frickin pretty
😹 it is and the further north you go the more beautiful it gets, just hope it stays dry for you 🤞
confirmed he's dropping a new album this summer 😭😭😭
▶️  "MBB - Feel Good"      on  &amp;  LINK IN BIO!
😂😂😂😂😂 you the funny one it’s not me
If you fake your way to the top.. your ass gonna hurt on the way down 💯
what a queen😍
✔ Imran Khan while talking to media in Faisalabad termed the incident unfortunate. This is not…
Who did this ? 😂😂😂
To the 💙 comparing M to other artists with greater educational achievements and finding M lacking, whatever happened to a…
The game will never be the same without these two ❤️
What’s going on here? 🌚
Incase You Haven't Seen It Nansi Le Video 🔥🔥🔥 Ey Le T'shirt Itholakaph Spy2/Lokishi?
i love you❤️❤️
Damn you again. 👍🏻
Congratulations Baluchistan on getting your first Chairman Senate 😊 PTI is proud to have played its part in today's vi…
📆 TODAY ⏰ 8PM KST / 12PM CET. ARMY join us! Let's spread Love and positivity ❤️ Hate and violence…
You just won  😱🏆 YOU 👏 DID 👏 THAT 👏
🆘 Someone's in need of some Dunkin'!! 🆘
Emote  🚀ROCKET RODEO Rules: - Tag Your Squad - Retweet, &amp; Like This Post - Follow +
Ever feel like u naav nuh friend? Lol 🙋🏽‍♀️
I’m from Brasil and I got a tattoo for you. COME TO BRAZIL PLEASE🇧🇷
Mace's mom made me my own key to the house 💯😇
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark: 🆕Rain boots. via
I hate the taste of all alcohol so you’ll never see me drinking Scotch anyway. 🤢
How beautiful is this  from the gorgeous 😍😍 Laura is wearing our grip…
“The KARMA Lesson” pt.2 I hope u like it 😆.
love on the brain 👍
Same with mine last year (I think we chatted about this?) Maybe we got some anti astrocyte people 😠
JUS GOT HOME AND I BIN RIDING TO ALL THRU! CLASSIC AND I WANT U TO KNOW🙏🏿AHEAD OF HIS TIME IS WHAT IT IS B…
Nxcooo 😭😍❤😗 I’ve never been so happy in my life. My baby girl can walk😍❤😄😗 ❤️❤️❤️
Daily Violations and Crimes that are committed by  Coalition in  - Saturday 10 March 2018 Issue…
Her voice got me speechless 😩😩😩❤️❤️❤️ RT till sees this.
📲UPDATE II A fan asked Niall if he feels heartbroken and he said he doesn't anymore !
im crying 😂
How do you eat this? Looking at it makes me want to throw up 😩
Less energy 2 fake shit More energy into greatness 🙏🏽
🐻 my shownu x wonho fanart collection 🐰
Pretty much. 👊🏾
Your work is so beautiful god bless your hands 😍🤟
bruhhhh Blac Youngsta is a clown😂😂😂
Symphonic Metal 🔥🔥🔥🔥
this one has just gone up! will return all comments 💖
Do you shop at Amazon is tripling the donation to ELCA between March 12 -31! 🎉
taeyang waving all the vips goodbye for the last time for a while 😭😭 cr: logo
Aww I’m gunna miss you bein on here sis 😭❤️✨ Omg you so beautiful B. You keep flappin yo wings angel &amp; good luck w…
Literally love everyone in my life don’t want anything to ever change 🧚🏼‍♀️🧚🏼‍♀️🧚🏼‍♀️
SAY AHHHH💦🍆😫‼️
Suga’s fan base donated money to hearing impaired for their artificial cochlea implant surgery on behalf of suga’s name ☺️…
Lose Yourself... ✨A TOUCH OF PASSION✨    https://…
..i think I'm going to give up coffee..😭😭😭
Is it just me that finds it odd that the  are trying to make this sound like some sort of Mean Girls spinoff? 🤔
oh my god 60 followers until 2k 😲
2 deep🤞🏽👩‍👧
The type of struggle I want 😩
ANNOUNCEMENT at on May 3rd! 😎 🎫 --&gt;
Thanks for always being there for me man, I honestly hate having y’all so far away. I love and appreciate tf out you 💙😭☺️
BREAKING: Sam  testimony before Mueller’s grand jury lasted *MORE THAN 6 HOURS*‼️ I really love the way that…
Naked-James TW ❤
😂 and you still be arguing with my retarded ass 😂
I had a fun night the other night! RT if you want the video of me squirting! 💦😘
Needed that lie in 😀
Sameer was a cutie in d 1st epi... Wid tym he has matured into such a sweetheart n gentleman 😊 brilliant work frm…
WATCH   NOW!! &gt;&gt; 🎵💙💚💛
Well done &amp; biggest congratulations to Kim Sunggyu for winning  on Music Bank today~! 🎉💕🏆
EHHH I'll come back to these later-- 🙌🙌
lol, clueless ❄️...
Guess Who? 😉
Retweet &amp; like this 👛 Follow all who RT &amp; like 👛 Followback everyone 👛 Gain Followers ♨️
RT if you feel the POWER 💪
So glad I woke up to see the last 7 minutes!! (These late games are tough after a crazy day/week at work!)   ❤️🐗
after dinner i will! hehe may time talaga ako to do my school works😂
Congratulation 💐💐Flying Officer Avani Chaturvedi became the first Indian woman to fly a fighter aircraft (MiG-21 bison…
Let the bad times roll. Season 2 of A Series of Unfortunate Events arrives March 30th. 👁️
S/o for fonking my songs on his IG live tryna make it to the top 🌎🙏🏾      https:…
1: Retweet this👍✅ 2: Like this👍✅ 3: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet👍✅ 4: Follow back all that follow you👍✅ 5: tweet "IFB"👍✅ 6…
Making MEGA with in Germany w/ May-Ward update: FULL TRAILER ▪one hundred seventy seven thousand views ▪eleven thousand li…
💪 Beautiful! 😃 What was your reaction when  against PSG?
An Army Doctor👩🏻‍⚕ An Army 🙏Officer's Wife🌟 A Full time partner in an Olympic journey💪 A full time partner i…
Yoongi en Times Square 💕
Then your period is gonna give you the sugar shits 🤤
I’m glad I was able to give you that push bro .. forreal... Go get that bag by any means ‼️
Floral Bohemia V Neck Romper😱 Get yours at 👉🏻
Killing notions that he's just a 'new ball bowler' 👌 Has the complete backing of his captain 👍 Leading the 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 whit…
I’ll rock solo before I let a mf waste my time again 😒
Drunk in Love Cover Acoustic Guitar         ✌️ …
Oh shit 😢 it’s a lil squirtle lol
"Let's go somewhere and get it on tonight😏"
happy birthday to this amazing and wonderful person!! 🍯💖 i love u, yoongi enjoy ur day 🌼💓💓
As Trump blames violent video games for mass shootings, please see below Video Game sales per person per year: 🎮 Japan = $9…
The BEST thing to do with your old chairs ❤️
Same 😌🙊👌🏻
I'm watching the last two episodes of hwayugi 화유기 now. I'm already sad it's over now 😯
I didn’t have anyone to watch Josiah today, so my professor said “Bring him along”... this is how it went 😆❤️ https://t.…
MTV’s ( Crush Of The Day on Snapchat is Suga! 🎂💖    → (…
Goodluck tomorrow my STEMF! We got diz fella’s 🤞🏾💯 one last dance F! ❤️
happy birthday to the bravest idol i've ever know thankyou so much for existing and being the part of btob💙
this so interesting to watch 😂🤷🏽‍♀️
and at this year's London, you weren't ready. 🔥 🔥 🔥
New year, new look! Feast your eyes on and 2018 race gear! 👇  https:/…
good night too😊
Happy Birthday To The Baddest Goat Out There 😍😈
Free Tonight Official Video out now🔥🌎☔️
today I took mark to the movies and a sex part came on and he yelled “OOOOOH MY GOD” in the quiet theater 😂😂😂😂😫
Good luck SC Baseball tomorrow in your Jamboree! ⚾️
Normal people eye Vs Moonsun shipper 😂
Officially my new favorite video of theirs Bc/duhh THIS SAMOA🇦🇸🇼🇸❤️ Tonga sisters never disappoint😍
Rapotan got me like 💥💥
I’ll deadass come to you to drop this shit off. It’s a whole family wing combo meal, popcorn shrimp and mashed potatoes 😭😭
🙄🙄 drops calls more than anything. Never again.
Silent farts are the traitor characters in a butt/fart anime. (Is it bad that this isn't the weirdest post I've done?😂) http…
Hello fam! Dont forget to smile and thank God for another blessing and another day. I love you Bangtan, I love you armys💙
Follow everyone who retweets this💋
My mom told me "y'all just young everything will work out" she miss this girl 😂😂
Obvio! 😌
Fuckkkkk I have work, 😪
ALL DRINKS ON ME!🤪🤪
Thank you hun 💜 I bought them off wish for $2 because boutiques buy the same ones in bulk and sell them…
“IT COULD’VE BEEN YOU” 😫😂💀💀💀💀
🔥🔥 25,000 Coins Giveaway 🔥🔥 Follow &amp; Retweet Tag a Buddy Try out 1 Hour
[[INA G.O🇮🇩]] Cheering Kit "Hey, Playboy" by -Ver. A: IDR. 460.000 (ems tax) -Ver. B: IDR. 485.000 (em…
Best news of the week - Twix has today gone to his new forever home 👏👏 His new cat dad has been spending time getting to k…
omg that hotel is beautiful 😻😻😻
Your are so gorgeous. — Thank u soo muchh🙊❤️
Give yourselves a round of applause, you made it to Friday! 👏👏👏 Cc:
She is art ⚜ Every design, curve and line is perfectly perfected with God's paint brush 🖌 Every drop of color perfectly mixed…
Today marks 21 years since Biggie’s passing. Drop your favorite Biggie track 👇🏾  …
Sneaker goals 🙌
Down 1 seconds left DEMAR DEROZAN POSTERIZES ANTHONY TOLLIVER INTO MIDDLE EARTH WHAT ⚰️⚰️⚰️
Appreciate everybody I'm ok .. Got a headache tho 🤕 good team win !!
🤭 miss u
Happy Birthday, Roy Makaay! 🎉🎊🎈⏱
The new Martial Arts Centre officially opened on Wednesday. Take a look below ⬇️👀⬇️
Happy Birthday, Suga 🐻🎈✨
Good night 🌙💜
Happy  ❗️
VOTE RED PENNSYLVANIA AND ILLINOIS! 🇺🇸Rick Saccone, March 13, PA Dist 18 for Congress 🇺🇸Jeanne Ives and Richard Morthland…
RT:  Systems SestraSystems 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
i wasn’t born yesterday 🙄
BTS 🔥 BTS
yo LA ima be in your city tomorrow and sunday. look out n say whats up. 🙏🏼🤝
Freckles 😝
Here are the exact moments all the Spongebob memes were born 😂
Gain 400+ active followers fast! 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
🔥Let’s Grow 🔥FOLLOW Me 🔥RT &amp; LIKE this 🔥Comment "ifb" 🔥Turn on my Notifications 🔥FAST 🙋️Gain with
Happy Birthday Zarrrrrrrr 💯♥️
Sunflowers and roses together are a SERIOUS mood. 😭
I just ordered your book!!! I can’t wait to sink my eyes and soul into this!!! Thank you 😊
Meet &amp; Fuck Horny Girls Near You Only at➡…
✅  💦 💦 ➡️  Room 👉🏽 💦  🆓 Sign 🆙 👉🏽…
❤ Here’s a song for you… Love Of My Life - Remastered 2011 by Queen
Dele Alli last night 😂
313,000 jobs added in February... A BLOWOUT NUMBER, best since 1973! Trump is doing exactly what he pro…
Our fans sure were excited after this one 😉
MTV’s ( Crush Of The Day on Snapchat is Suga! 🎂💖    → (…
Just fida on their closeness 🙈😍 this scene 👌❤
It's FRIDAY! Time to  party 🥂🎉 Join the party 💙💦 Love ♻️💦 Retweet 🔁💦 Follow Back It'…
ahhhhh ily bd 😭💙💙💙
Saw your face and got inspired... 🎶
😍 why are we not dating!?!
You think life is wonderful now? Wait for the next couple of years, life is gonna be super amazing..God keep us 🙏💪
This is so precious 💕
🌟ARMY!🌟 ➡Spam the comment section with your favorite pictures of Kim Seokjin!💜 Make sure to include
Hidden Twin Kwebbelkop is my hidden twin 😱 Find out who is yours! via
today and every fucking day is yours.🙏🏼☁️
F O R E V E R UNSOCIAL 📸 by boricuabeba_ @ Ypsilanti Township,…
Donald Trump's political theater won't scare us away from our favorite games😊 We love violent video games…
Foulplay x Crystal Meth 2.0 ??? 🤔
RT if you want to snatch the crown!! Use  🌟
Oh, his face! 😂😂😂
'Hands in the air if you've never won the PL' 😂😂
TWICE's latest Japanese single "Candy Pop" has been officially received Platinum certification by RIAJ! 🎉🎶🍭 TWICE only releas…
shut up before i feed you to my kids!!! 😂🤣😂😂😂😂
I’m the sister of the boyfriend that’ll beat your ass if you touch my brothers belongings 😉
G herbo forever making slappers this song about to go crazy🔥
100 followers every 3 mins!! RETWEET fast don't miss out 🔥🔥 FOLLOW ME FOR GAINS 😁 Fast follows only !! Let's GOO 🏁🏁🏁
waaaait is Dora in a coma? 😕
He looks so good and ethereal 💫
Hooligans!!! We need to vote more!!! 📣📣📣 Otherwise Bruno won’t win this Award..... 😭😭😭   RT to v…
[🎗Rupali💕🎆SYV🔊❤] sings Janam Janam(Short) by Arijit Singh, what an incredible voice on StarMaker!
Please pray for: Anthony❤ Stoneman Douglas hero struggling for survival
I MISS 2012 - 2013 CHANBAEK 😢💖
Happy 25th Birthday to  amazing   💖🇰🇷🎶🎼🎤🎂🎉🎁🎈🌟💫🎇
💐KOBE COLLECTION💐 🔜
My baby sister sends me a video of her fashions before going to school all the time. Y’all not ready for her😂😂😂 https:/…
WAIT A MINUTE....I DONT REMEMBER THIS EPISODE OF SPONGEBOB 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
💹What is the financial target for our ICO campaign? The planned amount is 60,000 ETH. The minimum amount needed to launch th…
Sunset on Whitby Abbey,  | Photography by ©James Whitesmith
😃 Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras
Adorable 😍 lepas ni xpayah plan suprise birthday dah 🤗
Syd accidentally sent pics of her dress to the wrong number and this was their response 😂
Music time! ☀️ Dive into your weekend with Protocol Vibes - Miami 2018 pt.1! Tunes from
Too cute😍🥜🥜 Thank you always beautiful Mayu💐☘️ peaceful day to you too😘🌹🌹🐿🐿🥜💓💓
RT if you like Turtles 🐢
Paul Pogba picked up an injury in training today and will have to undergo a fitness test tomorrow. 😑  https…
OMG AHAHA LOOK AT JUNGKOOK'S FACE WHEN HE IS WITH JIMIN 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 [ via:Pianjue_ ]
Wow! That was fast! 😀 I'm reading "You Know What's Going On" now and will start "The Bridge of Sigh…
Social media stuntin about something you don’t care about 🤔 wild
[POLL  Topic: Strength ❤️BTS: making music that speak the truth and saving million of people lives. OR ❤️ARMY: crashing…
IDC How Hard Life Gets , My Mom Gone Fix It Got Damnit 📞🤣
Inspired Polaroid by ❌NOT INSTAX FILM❗ ✔Kualiti tiptop &amp; harga murah BELI 7 SET &amp; KEATAS, FREE POSTAGE…
[INSTAGRAM] 180309 levis_korea Instagram Update with Kai 📎
Plot twist😱
OMG THIS WHOLE MOMENT! 😹  https:…
She's so freaking breathtaking I am in love 😳
Wheeew 😪😪 My future babe is already having secs 😩😩
Happy  🎉
Get you a man that makes you wake up to text messages like this💙😭
💰 x wassup my guy 🌫
Don’t fw me if you can’t let these bitches know what’s up when it comes down to us 🗣🗣
Another 🦉
Have to post this video on the timeline every time I see it 😂😂😂
Peep that sc: Kathyfosho 💕 @ Dublin, Ireland
Juan Juan ik dude I didn’t say it wasn’t 😂
rt this if u need graysons follow and I'll try and help 2 mins 💥
I want a boy for my 1st 😭
Thank You And Everyone Who Came To La Trinidad, Baguio To Watch Your Newest TNT Tropa! 🙌🏼
Goddamn baby 😍😍
Please vote for tae at my pinned tweet army. Its an everyday vote 💪🏼💪🏼
I am indeed! 😂
Basically every single person in my league captained Salah 😂
what aren't y'all doing this spring break 😂😂😂
Happy  to all our Irish ARMY and fam We hope everyone has a lucky day today! 🇮🇪 |
Connor......he uh👀...ummm uhh👀👀👀👀👀👀 he makes music but more importantly👀👀👀👀👀
I liked a video Christmas Cheer - NEW Original Song!🎄
Happy St. Patrick's Day! 🍀
That dude Burfict been on too much Slurp Juice and now tryna blame me 😂😂
I had 75 minuets on my SoundCloud. 🛌
Ah yes, the old Sweden kills Russians who stand up to putin routine🤣
😼 friendly
You have to go through the worst to get the best.💡
'Coz weekends means it'stambay 😁
Amazing what happens when an under “dog” gets a fair shot in an expanded playoff 😏 Congrats on the history,
180317 Bigeast FANCLUB EVENT 2018 THE MISSION IV in MAKUHARI TVXQ so cute😍😍😍😍😍
🌞 Good morning my fellow Patriots ! ☕️ 🍀 🍺 HAPPY ST. PATRICK’s DAY Don’t let the TWITTER bias against Conservativ…
New body, new man ☺️☺️🤷🏾‍♀️.
6️⃣8️⃣4️⃣4️⃣ success sharing
Speaking up is not always the answer. Sometimes silence is louder. 😉
IS SERIOUSLY THE SWEETEST PERSON EVER I COULD ACTUALLY CRY 😩💕💕💕💕
Junhoe looked cool during his part, he was feeling the moment 😂
Cold one abeg. 😂😂
I wanted to share this because I LITERALLY DIE EVERY TIME LIKE PEPPA WAS PISSED 😭😭
idk y’all I already don’t know how to act idkkkkkkkkk 🤪
What a fresh thing to see as soon as I wakeup...... 💦💦💦
Win 🏆★ M4A4 | Hellfire 🕙 in 10hr -Go -RT&amp;Like⌛️
It’s what he deserves ☕️
Hammerhead &amp; Thresher shark! 🦈
NIEL-BAE-HWANG-HWAN norebang FXXK IT 😂😂😂 when ur sons sang ur hubbies’ song ..happy omma here 💜
One year closer to death, but more beautiful than ever. Hbd headass 💛
I’m so tiny, when will I grow🙄
thank you for coming to porto alegre ❤️
Big tit teen👀
[D-18]  COMEBACK COUNTDOWN The 2nd Album Release ➡️ 2018. 04. 04    https://t.…
📷 thecommonchick: THIS IS THE CUTEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN 😍😩
Thanks life!😂😂🤦🏼‍♀️
Enjoy this video of my little cousin &amp; his potato 🥔
RT   NEW EVENT! 💎 Tweet with the tag  And share what is good about SHINee (dance…
old friends b da biggest haters like sis you use to b all for me 😂
thinking about my man😔...
UMBC couldn't have done it without Fortnite 😂 (via
Join me to learn about Rodan + Fields® and how we're changing skin and changing lives.
I like her already. Kudos! 🍻
RIP LIL PEEP 💕
A great way to start your season in ATC moto 3. Well done Mario 👍👏🔥
this thread😳😳😳😳
Reen drunk 😂😂😂
She takes it. "Deep in the Woods" 😈 on
She cried when she walked in 🌹
This face!!😍
If this ain't the truth 😭I CANT WAIT TO GO TO ARCADIA FOR EASTER
Chris Browns response to people saying he ain’t a legend 😂😂😂
doesn't need to be told this, do we? 😉
If conservative ideas were so bad and unpopular, why are leftists doing everything they can to keep them off campus? 🤔
UPDATE , CETAIT UN PRANK ! STILL ALIVE BROO 😭❤️❤️
Could not be more blessed to have had this opportunity. Beyond proud of each and every one of these girls💖 …
Buff Dude Tip: Make your food small so your biceps look bigger.  💪😜
Nina ur kind of heart I dnt understand sometimes..king Ceec wud have dragged u out if it was vise versa😭😭😭😭  h…
It’s just weed fam 🤷🏽‍♂️
1: 🐎Retweet this🐎 2: 🐎Like this🐎 3: 🐎Follow all who like and rt this🐎 4: 🐎Follow back all that follow you🐎 5: 🐎Gain followe…
Don’t @ me 🤷🏽‍♀️😂
EXAAAAACTTTT 😂😂🗣🗣🗣
Baekhyun seriously could pull off any hair colour and hairstyle 😍😍😍😍 thanks for such great pictures !!! https:/…
that's not how having a boyfriend/girlfriend works 💀
Stay committed to your goals 💪
How did Odell Beckham Jr end up in this chaos 😂😂😂
🎊As always, we'll be doing a special giveaway to celebrate the new Emoji. 🎊 🎉 But this time, let's try something new - 3⃣l…
For us to be Successful we go through difficult things or challenges 💔♥😊
Too bored in class
Kid from flint? In the record books? Say what????? 🙏🏽 blessings!
Paradise 🦋🐚
Souls getting taken 🙏🏽🤦🏽‍♂️
Never forget when Junmyeon, Chanyeol and Sehun were shirtless under those papers 🙃  …
I’ll be doing the DM SPREE TOMORROW ALL DAY😃
These some nice ass customs 👌🏾
Lol read a book 😂
- thanks to my top recently engaged followers this week :) (🚀 via )
Heard you been doing business w. the opps fuck you n all them niggas🖕🏾
This is so unbelievably cute 😍
demo version of Where I Am Gone by Yoseob in Kasper (the choreographer) video!! (shoot in around us😍) …
not hotdog water 🤣🤣
People around the world are celebrating  🇮🇪
Happy Birthday Dearself 🍭🌸 May Allah bless me.
how beautiful it's my home? ❤
We are over the moon 🌛 🌟 😀 as we are featured in the 😀 Take a look 👉
gain min yoongi stan by retweeting this. 💙
thanks batch!! ♥️
Who else feels this inner peace after washing all your dirty clothes? 😎
Under 30 mins until  get the weekend's FA Cup action underway against Swansea 😀 Tottenham Hotspur Retro Range…
Ts train 🚂🚋🚃🔞
[INSTAGRAM] 180317 bright_ch3 Instagran Update With EXO 📎   …
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
*Hakeem 34 yrs later and y’all still ain’t get that right 🙄
Drinking a COLOSSAL® SEVEN by @ Alexandria, VA —
Please tell me i’m not the only one that saw it hops while watching it just now on air 😅 *hint* Stare at the sokong. https:/…
Houndoom♀ Fire Fang/Fire Blast (IV: 69% - CP: 751 - L: 11) until 12:53:56am
🔥 BO3 GIVEAWAY! 🔥 - Level 1000 MP &amp; ZM - 1 x Three-of-a-Kind - 6 x Ranged Weapon Bribe - 6 x Melee Weapon Bribe - 1 x Ranged/M…
If you can’t laugh at yourself where are you?? Great stuff 👌
mine used to do this but now it doesn’t 😢
Supreme navy chair Large 6.50 x 10 30 💸
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 🎈 WE LOVE YOU 😘 KATHNIEL ASAPSUMMERTIME
upcoming➡22/3 horny latin 😍😛💦
1: Like this👾✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet👾✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you👾✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
My Monday struggle 👇🏻
Tack!❤️
Paris is beautiful even if it's a rainy day ☔
‼️‼️‼️ This girl can shape the fuck outta my nails.
I'M TOO PRETTY AND GOT TOO MUCH OF A GOOD HEART TO BE SETTLING FOR A NIGGA THAT DON'T TREAT ME GOOD 🤦🏽‍♀️
this was my fav tbh because it was just so honest 😂
💞 I'm so soft 💞
Say it louder 💯
when I hear ur AMAZING voice 🎧🖤🖤✨.
I done seen some evil shit done before but this is equivalent to spitting on somebody 😭😭😭
Nahh fam 😪😪
LIMITED EDITION GLOBAL WARNING BACK PATCHES ONLINE NOW. 🚨
going to make a instagram promo gc💗 rt/like to join ☺️
Y’all really on the beach WILDIN 😭
Happy, Happy Birthday to my Favorite Feline General "Mad Cat" Cattis🎉🎈🎁🎂🐱🎁🎈🎊
Girl crushes a cotton candy eating contest ❤️.
awww ilysm omg (what is my face in the second pic eeK) but i’m glad you had fun ♥️♥️♥️
RT for a fortnite mobile code 🎮
Whoever see this post I pray something good happens to you. God bless you ❤️
St Patrick’s day ☘️ in Gaza
Be my light 💫
can't wait for captain avengers infinity stones 😍
Open for a surprise ♥
The most St. Patrick's Day bar trick you'll ever see ☘️🍻
Still a ‘🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️’ moment
EXPOSED!😂
For a second i thought this was real😂😂😂
Follow everyone who Retweets &amp; Likes this🌳
they're hanging out way too much 👀💕
🍒💋 (pls rt) dat tinder boi pairing:  read:
When he respond to the most irrelevant part of the paragraph 💀
🍐: please remember to eat something
I think im addicted 😱😱😭 Everything is FREE! St.Patricks day sale! ☘️ 🎩 🌈 ⚱️ Shipping is very cheap 😭 ** Mutiple item…
KI HUGGED KKUNG 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 cr : 100toback aaaaaa i want mineeeeeeeee when it will be arriveeee…
SEHUN FREE SHIRTLESS TONIGHT LMAO OMFG THAI IS SO LUCKY HOW DARE U SEHUNAAA 😭😭😭
Which of these has helped students in school during drought? 😂😂 RT for Garri Like for Noodles
Dude 🙄
when people from the midwest think it is weird to add “the” in front of a freeway like “the” 405 freeway 😂
I AM MY OWN MAN so when will you learn? That you got a man, but I got to burn 🚬 Dont make no difference if I end up alon…
This is absolutely beautiful! ❤️❤️❤️
🚨| Don't forget to cast your vote on the site! Up to 100 times per day! Vote in all music categories. You may follow the…
I think it's very obvious who is gonna win 💅
⏬ watch ⏬
Playing hearing things. 😂🎧👂
No. I got one for the angry grandpa video but not yours. 🙁
This seems right 😂
Stop calling yourself a SNACK when you have an STD....bye food Poisoning 😂
Story Time of my crazy night 😁
you’re the cutest, I miss &amp; love you❤️
Good , bye bye snowflakes and cupcakes 😃🇺🇸💯%💪
Retweet and answer TRUTHFULLY for a chance to win some goodies 🍭 How often do you watch adult movies/videos a week? 🎥
When you see all of it 😂
Hello hello, good monday 😃
St Patrick’s day ✅ On a Saturday ✅ NCAA Tournament ✅ Spring Break ✅ 🤔 Yep, shouldn’t be a busy day at all....
Okay I'll be waiting to watch it 😍😍
STAR could it be Harley Davidson. launching ebike early 2019 similar time to star saying ebike will launch in rns 👀 https:/…
Sry but t nobody can beat us  🙌🏼💛
Lady in a sandwich shop showed me this video of her son today😂😂😂
📹 Demi Lovato - “Savior” LIVE (with Iggy Azalea | FULL VIDEO)
The more quiet I get, the crazier my thoughts get 🤷🏾‍♂️
My dear ❤️ Thank you so much for making me unbelievably happy! You're my life, my world, t…
Happy Sunday everyone! If you haven’t booked a shoot with you’re not living ya fullest life! 🤘🏽 Dress:
Thank u Mary ily💕
- ( 45 minutes left! 🌌  🌌
BRO!!!!!! Omm I can get a job the next day. I hate people😑🤦🏽‍♀️
I'm not gonna do this 😂😂😂
ARMY HAS ARRIVED!❤️
We reached every goal as a Team 💜 We finished every race cause we are together. We showed the whole world how powerful…
- ( 15 minutes left! 🛎️  🛎️
Oh word? 👀
One day you here next day you gone FR 😪
⏱ 3️⃣7️⃣ 🔊 Candreva comes very close to scoring, his shot going narrowly wide of Reina's right post ⚽️…
ilysmm!! thank you)):💛💛
King of the road! The only way to shoot is with a camera! 📸  🙏🐘🙌 Via:  🌍👉
Got my own strain!!!!! 🤪🙃🤩😈
Her name is aria &amp; Today is her birthday 🎁 🎂 but because of her condition Others won't say happy birthday 😔🤕 she’s still b…
▶Watch BTS 'Spring Day' MV {} 👍Like+Comment+Subscribe ✔Share on Twitter/FB/Insta 👉Current Views…
please donate an auto to jess today &lt;3 (she is so over dramatic) 😂😂 (UK server)
180311 [Instagram] laboiteboutique update: “- KAIxBALLY ☁️” 🔗
Ama-2000 are happily in relationships and doing the things . 💔💔😭 I don't want to lie , I'm jealous AF
Urgh this is really disturbing . The fact they even have tadpoles 🤯
Website: https://…
Lana Del Rey’s Old Money™️ just came on shuffle
We don't deserve him 😢😢😢 He's indeed the best leader  ❤❤❤
I’ll be live on in one hour! 9pm-10:30pm PST. Come play with me 😘 …
I done seen some evil shit done before but this is equivalent to spitting on somebody 😭😭😭
🙋I AM ONE of the 550,000+  Family earning &amp;RFR tokens right now by playing, gaming and streaming ❤️ Join u…
I’ve never related to something more in my life. I yelled EXACTLY at my TV when Liz said it 😂
We know what you’ve been waiting for, the winner of  is And we have another message from the boys! 👏…
I’m HOLLIN 😭😭😭
Come on Aggies, Ease up on em! 😈🏆🥇
Joined ✈️
It’s about perspective!🌎❤️✈️
SHINESSSSSSS THE KINGS THE MOST HANDSOME BOYS 💜🎊🎉🎉
80, fluctuating between 68-70... 😥😥😥
yea just sleep it off 😂
✉ aishashah I offer a quality experience to my clients and exclusions can be made for any day of the wee…
😙🙏 If you are not the one, then why doses my heart tells me that you are?
This asshole threw stones at IK in Gujranwala 👇👇👇
Here we go the Bhoys from St Pauli are here 💚🍀🇮🇪 @ Ibrox Stadium
I want a boyfriend that will enter keke with me without paying🌝 then we will come down and run holding hands, laughing,…
Someone who really l❤️ves U, sees what a mess U can be, How moody U can get, how hard U r 2 handle, but still wants U.…
Sure‼️
☁️W Sac: ♂Gastly 97.8% (15/15/14) 711CP L25 Astonish/Night Shade until 04:13:57am (28m 34s)
Long time no see 🔥
NEW MERCH IS AVAILABLE😯
The Actual thing. My Botswana. My Pride 😍😍😍😍
Shumann 「Novellette Op.21-1」 Vladimir Horowitz(1985) 📷Richard Avedon …
&lt; MISSING PUZZLE &gt; EXHIBITION Prod. by WithJosh x TheYouth x IηFiηity8 x THEBOYVERNON 🌸2018 APRIL IN SEOUL &amp; TOKYO…
Follow everyone who likes this🚛
Thought this was a magic trick, Bruh shit gone for real 😭 😮
He is being beyond personality. He would even feel embarrassed and laugh at it...😂😍
SUNDAY SHOWCASE! 💗💗 💗💗
Change "she" to "he" and This is a direct quote of mine before my girl get her 😸 devoured
NCT DREAM - GO 🕺🏻🕺🏻🕺🏻👈🏼
i had such a fun night at tee grizzley and jeezy w my fav girls💜
Hang in there ARMY 🙏 A few hours left untill  will end. Let's work hard and fight today as well 💪 GO GO AR…
✔ Free Live stream in HD ➜
I try to keep everybody happy, but i just end up hurt. 😶
But he’s fake....he should have just carried her and continued with the interview...would have been cute ☺️
mfs swear they scared to lose u but, move like u dont mean shit to them 😭 yeaaaaaok
tying his Celtic scarf to the railings 😂😂😂
Ffs hope mesut isn’t injured 😭😭😭
Wewwwwwwwwwww nah she's used to it lol! look at her :D♥ So relieved that u finally solved it😂 I'd missed…
I don’t care how hard life get 🗣 I AINT GIVING UP ON GOD ‼️🤞🏾❤️
Lool cech saves a penalty for his first time since being at arsenal and deeney is the one to miss.. watch everyone say he had no cojones😂😂
Cake 🎂 © deanmendozaaa
Cause we gonna be speaking about this week 😂
Daily Social50 Task🏆(Instagram) 🔸️Visit BTS' Instagram page ⤵️ Leave a comment and like❤ a pho…
You look great! There's just something missing 🧐 Tell me your address via DM and I send you a pair of boots 😉 …
Bercow complaining about questions overrunning? 🤔
⚠EMERGENCY⚠ We need to vote NOW. If you see this tweet, rt as fast as you can and vote below. The voting is ending soo…
The way I eat cereal is probably what’s intended for like 3 or 4 servings 😂
Happy Mother’s Day We’re here in in House Of Fraser celebrating! 💚
Prepare for take off 🚀
[!] ARMY, we just won Best Fan Army at  Thank you for voting so hard, well done! 🏆🎊 …
Took me a good hour to shave my beard, goddamn so that's where my jawline went 😂
Thank you 💕
Congrats, Enjoy this most beautiful moment in life. 💜💜
We know what you’ve been waiting for, the winner of  is And we have another message from the boys! 👏…
We know what you’ve been waiting for, the winner of  is And we have another message from the boys! 👏…
Hello, my friends and i are hot, we need a man or a woman.Do we want to have sex by webcam or in our House HERE 👉:https://t.…
Bored as hell 🙄
Tru you’re hella weird for that. But we love you too much so you can stay💕
For real, Rosemary?!? At least she cracks me up! 😂🤣😂
And  ... also snags  at our  making it 2 for 2 tonight! 🏆👊  👏🎉 ht…
PLEASE NCT CHINA 😭 🙏🏻
[  NEW SINGLE COMING SOON 📢
Can’t beat a H&amp;M basic 🙄😂
I liked a video Infinite Warfare : 71-2 on Frontier 😱 | 37 Gunstreak w/ Proteus | by RealDEDA
Watch HelixStudios Videos for 💕 just $4.95 💕 on | Euroboys on [ https:…
I’m D-🌹fan &amp; I’m excited 4 him 2 b reunited w/the Bulls lol (Thibs-Taj-Jimmy Buckets)
1: 💧Retweet this🌹 2: 🌹Like this💧 3: 💧Follow all who like and rt this🌹 4: 🌹Follow back all that follow you💧 5: 💧Gain followe…
💚 (@ Golden Belt District in Khobar, Eastern Province)
It's what I do. 🤷‍♀️
mfs swear they scared to lose u but, move like u dont mean shit to them 😭 yeaaaaaok
now surpassed 1 million+ Tweets &amp; RTs! 9h30m of iHeart voting left, you all have done great! 🔎 ☆.｡.:*…
And did the ‘ I can’t hear you ‘ celebration💉
James Arthur  ❤❤
raise your hand if you're excited for playoff hockey 🙋
just wanted to clarify 🙂
🎥 || via ig stories
He doesn’t know Spanish but sings it ! Besos y caricias ! Weston Watson el gringo 😆
Did you get yours yet? SUPERPRETZEL® Soft Pretzels
Abhy yar main nahi emotional black male hona 😹😹
Hello WORLD😄😘🌺🌻
Rtb📻. wait til you OG’s hear this $h!t.. people who hate classic HIPHOP will straight vomit 🤢
🐰: the fact that i get to do things with my members is the reason of me living (😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
So appreciative. Na-surprise ka? 💛 ©
Unplugged? Yung parang sa Mtv noon, big acts with limited audience, all acoustic 🙌🏻🙌🏻 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 https:/…
🕕 It's 18:13 BTS Time Share pics of BTS 🌼with Best Fan Army hashtags🌼 On our thread!
Please retweet and republish these Hash Tags ✌🏻✌🏻✌🏻💛❤️💚✌🏻✌🏻✌🏻
We begged everything since 3 years ago now in this return era we'll slowly but surely get our wishes one by one 😭😭😭
🏆 winner will be announced at  in a couple of hours! Voting will run through the show and ends…
🗣️ATTENTION ARMYS🗣️ let's get  to trend ww in honor of their TWO new shiny awards and to show our love…
1: Like this🍇✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🍇✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🍇✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
Yup and another ulit 😂🌚
I love every single thing about this video 😩
Day 2 of the flu I end up in the hospital. Day 2 of the flu for my mom, she's upstairs making meatloaf. 🤔 she's...
Follow everyone who LIKES and RETWEETS this 🙈
I HATE the internet 😂😂😂
New Ganondorf Tech! 😎 Sometimes when you flame choke your opponent, they snap to the ledge. When this happens. if your…
Awwww, talk about tugging on your heart strings. This almost snapped mine right in two. 😢😢😭😭😭
I copied the arcaea wiki’s song list,but it didn’t work… I hope someone knows who how to make it🤔
You just won  😱🏆 YOU 👏 DID 👏 THAT 👏
Council elections in May - let's make them count ✊👉
THANK U 💗 AND IT’S ALL GOOD, I DIDN’T SEE U POSTING IT OMLL
Favorite song🎶❤️ Favorite part💟😍
It’s finally out 😭
Gain 700+ active followers fast!! 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
RETWEET GAME ✨🐷 $5 for every Retweet. Ends when we say. HELP ME DRAIN THIS PIG!
April 11th Expansers! Get ready &amp; don’t miss the best season yet! Stream seasons 1&amp;2 on Amazon Prime🌟🚀
We are ready to take your orders 😃 R10 for spinach R5 lettuce R10 chilies 🌶 R15 cabbage R20 Pepper combo If you know any…
One more day at the office for and the bhoys! Glasgow’s green and white and we just can’t get enough! 😍💚🍀
Happy Mothering Sunday to everyone who ‘mothers’ ... however you do it, do it with love 💖
Niggas be happy for spring break and don’t even go to school , like bro you’ve been on spring break for years 😂 https:/…
Potentially the best Boris tweet I’ve seen. 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
He's a cunt! Anyone else would been at least a yellow 😤
Ur eyes are saying how much you are tired bhaiyu.... Plz take proper rest and enjoy there.... 😊😊😊😊
Unbelievable!! enjoyed every minute of it! Bhoys were terrific 🙌🏼 Never seen fan support like it 👏🏼 So this is how it feels…
She’ll do anything “ANYTHING”😍
It’s a simple decision now and a matter of principle and values: 👇 👉 I will never vote for any party that supports Brexit i…
WE ARE ALMOST THERE!!! WHO IS READY??? 💜💜💜
Fazura’s side view is my favourite view. Cantik sangat ✨
Boy I’ll knock that cone out ya hand, then neither of us will have ice cream 😒
Your followers probably want to see this. Last night was fun😈😇😈love being a Hotwife
Ion care bout getting turned down if I want you ima go at you 🤷🏾‍♂️
Can’t believe Syracuse made the tournament over Notre Dame 🤦🏻‍♂️ absolute nonsense
We can do this yall😩💞
My fave time of the year is finally here🤤🏃🏽‍♀️
DEPOP FOLLOW TRAIN Like and RT ✨ Leave all of your links ✨
Well dang get off dude bro because some of yall cant even get it off the rack😂😂🤦🏾‍♂️ Keep grinding bro…
Babe 💓💓
Guy's ❤️Babes with Guns!!😍😎
get them coins sis, rack it up 🤪
I knoww ❤
🙏🙏 I support a woman's right to choose! She can choose to... ✔️ Use birth control. ✔️…
[ 💝 RTs are appreciated! ] I've been meaning to do this for a few months now, but I've finally prepared myself to be abl…
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show 🇨🇴DDouble🌹:😍😍
I know a lot of people.... but I’m the dumbest bitch I know 😂😂😂😂
Are people now allowed to wear backpacks 🎒😴
Trump says since America has been made great again, his new 2020 slogan will be “Keep America Great!” 🇺🇸
Let's have a threesome 😍
1️⃣2️⃣ million 🙏🏼
👀 👅 Retweet if you want to gain ! Follow everyone who retweets this and follow back whoever follows you  🦋🦋🐞🐯
broke my back but wouldn't have had it any other way 😩😍
⏬ watch ⏬ asian anal porn teen professional japanese masturbating avanal xxx sex nsfw sexy
Happy  to all those amazing mums out there... 💐
I NEED A TIME MACHINE🙏
ฝากหน่อยนะคะ 😁 Noob 🔞  Ep.2 : I'm in love with the shape of you Link 👉
Hands down to you vocalist Kim Junmyeon! ❤️🙌🏻
Rich coming from you, because you’re whipped for me. 😽
GIRL YOU FLAWLESS DAMN😍
📣 MASS VOTE ATTACK 📣 Calling the 🌎🌍🌏  🗣 🔥 PLS MASS VOTE NOW 🔥 Use  💎 and let's trend the ta…
★REMEMBER?★ ✔
i just had the best Mac &amp; Cheese 😢
I done seen some evil shit done before but this is equivalent to spitting on somebody 😭😭😭
[INSTAGRAM] jessica.syj: Is it spring yet?🌸🌈✨⏰
Thanks, Ians. Love you too! ✨❤️
Sunflowers and roses together are a SERIOUS mood. 😭
OKAY BUT WHY ARE 5 OF THEM WEARING HATS 👽🧐🧐
I need to see acrimony 😦
A PREROCRDED MESSAGE IM DONE 😂😂😂😂
Are you passionate about all things space 🚀 &amp; social media📱? Apply to attend this behind-the-scenes view of the launch of
Who needs Alton towers when u have a tv n a washin basket😭😭😭
I told my bestfriend my clothes don’t fit no more he talking bout just put a sheet on 😂😂😂😑
😲Follow everyone who like or retweet it
Naaaahh 🙌🏻 Balikan nyo ko when you found someone who can make him THIS MUCH happy 😊❤
hahaha you want to marry Tolga of course😂
Looks perfect to me😊
[!!] 3 hours left 🗳—
A real Sunday Funday. 🍔🍻
being an adult means spending all of your birthday money on your car 🙃
Dilly dilly Brandon Williams 🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀
Her name is aria &amp; Today is her birthday 🎁 🎂 but because of her condition Others won't say happy birthday 😔🤕 she’s still b…
until we’re closed to finish line, ARMY keep encouraging and supporting each other I’m— 😭 I’m really grateful that thoro…
thank you audrey!!!! i really appreciate it💕💕at least i have nct's comeback to look forward to soon right? hehe
🔴 LIVΞ Daylight savings isn't my friend today.
Public school builds character🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣
Huh? You cool man but, I think i gotta disagree with this one bro😂
I see pogba 😂
My brother is annoying asf 🙄
VIDEO || Harry singing Anna ! ©leagrieder
🚨This is terrifying🚨 “Trump would be able to dispatch Secret Service agents to polling places nationwide during a feder…
🌈🧡I LOVE THESE BOYS!!!!🧡🌈 i love bts.. this supportive family TT TT
👉Make welfare as hard to get as Veteran's benefits!!! Our veterans deserve the very best. May God bless each &amp; everyone…
why is the wifi not working  🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
Fucking hell is a beast 🥊💥
Me on a off day 😂
maybe you took them out😂😂😂 or maybe they went to the back of your eyes
BOTH!...Although my attorney only has first hand knowledge of the first 😛
Been training him everyday and he’s only about 3 months 🤓
Tom and jerry commit suicide with strangekidd 🖤💔🖤
💥 Pic of the day 💥 The mother of Sama Al Ayoubi, 6 yrs, from  suffering of a rare disease, Fanconi Anemia, farewell her…
Wow, what a fantastic day that was!  Highlights, analysis, interviews and much more 👉 T…
Waylon &amp; willie concert was a movie 🎥 with jellyroll615 x appreciate da luv @ The…
True definition of my world 💕‼️ Surprised my grandma 😅
🌊 👉Stronger Together 👉Theme: Support Our Trans Soldiers 🌊Follow me and I will follow you back…
I’m from Alabama where tryna better yourself is “acting funny” 😴
Me on a off day 😂
..puppies🤔
Brilliant and Great 👍  today in the military court “NO justice under Occupation, We are dealing with an illegal co…
FAVORITE GLOBAL MUSIC STAR:   😭😍😛
ranks at  on the Singer Brand Reputation Rankings for the month of March with an index of 11,076,551!👏 💫As…
😍😍thank you
Happy birthday have the best day and congrats on no longer having to be me anymore xxxx 👭💕🍾🍸
🔥 12 Hours 👉 Click ✅ Like + RT + Follow ✅ Get ▶️ ◀️ ☝️ Notificati…
My favorite coffee shop so far : BTS café Certified excellence by 😏 Starbucks sunbaenim is shaking 😂❤️…
🐞Retweet this🐞 🐞Like this🐞 🐞Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🐞 🐞Follow back all that follow you🐞 🐞tweet "IFB"🐞 🐞Follow
Snow dayyyyy❄️
Some updated logistics info for  See y’all on the 24th! 🇬🇧✊🇺🇸
In case you needed a sign...we got some hype stuff coming up for this  🙌🏾✨ Can you say  ✨💯💯💯…
| PM to share his thoughts in  programme on All India Radio📻, at ⏰11:00 AM. Stay co…
My week on Twitter 🎉: 6 Mentions, 1.09K Likes, 1.39K Retweets, 56.5K Retweet Reach, 6 Replies. See yours with https://t.…
Best mood at home: seeing your faves on the national TV charting at  👏 Congrats ! Still on top of MYX Interna…
My Cake Day In 2 Days 💰😏
The one and only🤷🏾‍♂️
Tour life has begun y'all! 🙌
Ong, Sungwoon and TAEMIN doing Gangnam Style 🔗
Happy Birthday May the source be with you. 🎂🍾🎁🎈
Thanks family 🤞🏾
Hobi, Jung Hoseok! Your smile, your energy and your beautiful personality make our hearts feel so warm 🤗💜! We love and app…
I just want you all to be happy ❤
And it's completely okay with me 😤❤
Show em what a bad bitch look like 🙌🏾
The word 🙁
We have to have more not just 10 la..😘😘 – celebrating friendship
Omg Kylie’s daughter Stormi is sooo adorable 😍
PSA Everyone! new nick name is pops 😂💯
WHAT STR8 GUYS DO FOR CASH    Join &amp; View at LatinLeche ▶️ R…
🇮🇳 M S G My God 🇮🇳  When we think of the deep root…
When can I leave 😭
Until i hear “You’re my girlfriend” don’t question me about a DAMN THANG 😂🗣🗣🗣
❇️❇️❇️HOTTIE BRUNETTE WITH GREAT TINY TITS AND BALD PUSSI
Says The Guy who Embarrass Himself and friend's on live TV 😂
walk it talk it 😛
Like going to Pint Night for $3 ciders 🙄
the idea of sex: n!ce 👌 the idea of having to actually physically put myself in that situation:
Remember when Jungkook's puck hit Jin's crotch and Jin said he was okay tho apparently he wasn't😂 …
🎉BREAKING NEWS: ETHLend Reaches Record Breaking — Over 6,000 ETH Lending Volume. For more details and lending statistics: htt…
When you’re addicted to Fortnite and your girl keep texting you 😡😂
well 😈
Gronk is always the most lit 😂😂😂
how did y'all became ex oomf 😂 she softblocked me, bc she was being petty she said. she softbl…
i’m not taking any chances rt for good luck 🍀
Oooh fabulous! Please do email. Happy to help in any way I can 😊
🔥 Netflix is having issues since 03:31 PM GMT. 👉 RT if you are also having issues…
Lol I know smh 🤦🏻‍♀️ hilarious 😆
And then, Apple be like “Maybe : Baby💙”
Here is my answer to her☺
He so funny g😭
After getting in to .. you were the only mystery to me.. how could some be so hyper I thought😂 but you grew on…
Thanku so much piti 🙏😘😘😘😘.
Tag someone that deserves the type of punishment and retweet. This should be fun 😂
What A Guy, What A Character but What A Great Person. Good luck with your next adventure mate 🤘🏾
M4A1-S | Mecha Industries - Giveaway! 🎁 ✔️ Retweet &amp; Follow. ✔️ Tag a friend. Winner drawn in 24 hours. 🏆 …
🆕  Brysen marks his territory on Jack's big muscle ass in our newest scene! 💦🍑    💦 Watc…
Second 🙄
glowin &amp; growin 🌻✨  🏳️‍🌈
I got guy friends that text me back while playing Fortnite🤔 so is it really that hard for an actual boyfriend to te…
Spent today with these 3 weirdos😝❤️❤️❤️❤️
Congratulations on the big 〽️ win &amp; trip to the Final Four! Fun to watch our team, expertly coached, extremely talented &amp;…
4:51 AM / Home Sweet Home ❤️
Great day at the  Artisan Food Market. Easy to see why burger won the best burger in Ulster 🍔it was…
💀 LMFAO this funny as hell - those two points don’t connect though
This Movie Should Of Had More of an impact when it was released. This Will Forever be deep 🙇🏾
2 HOUR GIVEAWAY !!! To win: ✅ Retweet ✅ Follow us ✅ Visit: ✅ Visit: …
I'm so glad that after months of sobriety I can finally drink and do drugs like a normal person 😌
if u dont wanna text me, dont text me 😂 . like idc anymore
this nigga tay-k said “ she thought it was my cock 🍆😳 but my glock very hard 🤣💯” free him god damn it
Back in Jersey for a little 😊 I missed my family and friends so much
Game 2 Score Updates: 1️⃣: LSU 5-1 2️⃣: LSU 6-8 3️⃣: LSU 3-1
So apparently I have been trying to connect AUX cable to my iPhone7 while driving, then I realised it doesn’t have a headphone jack🤭
Met somebody from IG &amp; they told be I have a short face 🙃
Thank you because I literally blacked out I don’t remember the performance at all lmao..😩😩😍💕
Oh ffs😂😩
Sick asf 😪
Yes! I like Harry Styles &amp; I want to be a scientist! 😉
😩What more do you want me to tell you about black people bruh? This is brilliant 👌🏾💯💯
i'm sooo excited about all these blessings💅
i love Pink panther 😍💕
👀 do u smoke pot? cuz weed look gud 2gether — che ahahahahahahah
RT if you know it's true 💚
He tried to hold her hair so she could throw up and😩😭
Delete this. An Aquarius is the best thing that could happen to you 😌
If I have you on snap chances are I’m gonna slide up on your story all the time and write something 😂
thankyou for always making us happy mamas 😭❤️
📹IG: catloversclub
🔢 pulverises his competition capitalizing on a mistake filled Men's Final group. 🥇 More info 👇 🔗 …
good project😁
just couldn't wait to be king. 👑
Ouch... 👀 😉  🇦🇺
soonyoung was getting serious into his singing and then seungkwan changed the tempo beat 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Thank you for finally updating 🙌🏽
Do spread this around. Thank you ☺️
TBF, that has a LOT of he letters needed to spell Cleveland. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤷🏾‍♂️
IM TO HEAR THAT! IM DOING GOOD TOO SIS 🤒💪
⚔️ GIVEAWAY! RT &amp; Follow for a chance to win a SIGNED B&amp;N edition of  Open INTL 🌍. Ends April…
🤔: Paula has been moping around ever since the breakup. I wonder if there's anything we can do to RAISE HER SPIRITS.…
no shade☕️ just facts💯 i spent a lot of time on this bc i love luke so pls dont let this flop k thx
When your baby is just too beautiful. ❤️❤️❤️
Nice wheels, Patty 👌
Y’all don’t be having shit 🌚🤣
📷 BTS X ViVi Magazine
It started with their first meeting &amp; you end it their love confession part They have come a long way 😭😭 " Ankhon Ankhon Mei…
Ang dami kong ipagpe-pray this holy week. 😊 NNLY Weekend
I wonder what will the OST sounds like 🤔☺️
WHY ITS ALWAYS HIM.. 😂😂😂😂
Water is a right, not a privilege. We're joining the 🌎 for  to show our commitment to build a sustainable future
Awww thank you so much ❤️
My first  Trying to reach 500, so time for a Follow Back Resistance party! 🎉🎈💥 🌊Here are the rules: 1. Like this…
2012 vs. NOW 😭
Left peg 👑
MASIVO 💪 500 Million Views!  Ready for the billion?
God tried to show me your true colors over &amp; over &amp; I ignored him . I blame myself for my pain 🤦🏻‍♀️😓
ALL OF MY THINGS ARE PACKED hope ya ready to help ya roomie unpack 😉
If he dies I blame the gunner.😧
They are patiently waiting😂😂😂😂
please unblock the sisters 🙏🏾🙏🏾
🚨blank meme alert🚨
Full of faces 😁
They don't work they way they used to tbh Richard 🙆🏻‍♂️
own me already👉🏼
Ahneeka is just in the house to treat her pimples🤦🏾‍♂️😡
🔵 Gameday! Let's Go Duke! 🔵 🏟 Our House 🆚 UNCheat ⏱ 8:15 PM EST 📺 ESPN🖕🏼 Prediction: Duke 81 UNCheat 75
Serving that Unicorn realness!! 🦄🦄🦄
Sape nak chut chut 😂😂😂😂😂 HAHAHA FUCK ah srs i cannot 😂😂
I just love being scheduled for an 11.5 hour shift without a break ☺
damn, i really love team super. 💘
I can blow $400 in two days &amp; then make $26.50 last a whole week 🤧
All I can hear from Jin was ARMY, ARMY 😭  Vote  for  as
Like back 🙃
someone knocked the snowman down in me street and now there’s these signs up and a little army of snowmen 😂 …
another open for a surprise 🌹
Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane are on 🔥🔥🔥 for again!
🇺🇸IT'S NOT THE GUNS /FLORIDA SHOOTER HAD FREEDON AS IF HE WAS IN A WAR ZONE🎯WHAT TOOK THE 17 Y…
Cavones went to visit his daddy today ❤️
from $waG in 2011 to college 😂🤞🏾❤️
This and slapping the floor = Jim Harbaugh whose got it better than us shit...... soooo corny 😂😂😂😂
😂😂 Fela tossing and turning in his grave asking the Lord if this is why he died
I’m just trynna show a girl off like my Fortnite wins 🤧
Respect💯
😂😂😂 Nailed it
You know what? I believe in you. You're growing every day. 🌴
[🗣ANNOUNCEMENT] has just reached yet another milestone of 13M followers on Twitter!! 👐 Congratulations BTS &amp; A…
[NEWS] has surpassed 13 Million of followers on Twitter     …
RT: Centreville Baptist Church ⛪ 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
🙏🏼 always ❤️
1 MONTH to KAPILs Birthday 🎊🎊🎉🎉😘😘
today is a rainy day. so.. somsomi is happy! 🙌
Beautiful 🐰
Wonho said the bunny might looks scary but it is actually cute i think that idea is so cool it represent him perfectly 🐰 h…
➡️  ➡️  ☑️ Apart from that Dera will also help them begin a new life by arranging the…
I said yes, a million times yes 💜💍
💫HQ 180226 -JB 4th It’s Skin Exclusive Fansign Event / Dusit Thani Hotel / BKK     ht…
....HAPPY WEEKEND....... ..........HELLO.........🌻🌻
Happy Sunday everyone😁❤💙💓 We see tomorrow📣📣📣
U so fucking precious when u smile 💕✨
I FINALLY GOT MY TICKET AND MY DESIRED SEAT HUHU MY HEART IS EXPLODING RYT NOW MGA BES 😭 HOPE YOU GUYS ALSO GOT YOUR DES…
[INSTAGRAM CAROUSEL] xolovestephi: Tiffany for the March issue of 💙 (3P+1V) https:…
You ever be so content when you high like that slight perfect happiness den gotta deal wit some shit 🤦🏾‍♂️😂😂
Basketball is the greatest sport hands down 🙅‍♂️
Happy birthday! ☺
I'm fckn love suwon's falsetto in this song 💕💕💓💗💖🧡💛💚❤️❣️💛 I'm die, live, die on repeat while making this video Full eng lyr…
My thoughts on this matter SMH 😑 what is the point of redefining our natural features just for…
BREAKING :  and  are roped in to play as baddies 👍🏻 Shoot Going Briskly. THALAP…
Mind blowing apartment 😍😍
ARMY💜 Here's a little piece of advice that ALL OF YOU need to read🙏 ➡PLEASE take time to read it! It'll hopefully help…
⚡️ Which BTS member didn’t flinch during FLINCH? ⚠️⤵️ → PIECE OF PEACE → →
Oh no... I had wanted to but I can’t. 😩😩😩 MISS YOU
you are my definition of perfect💫
A traditional housewife is the ideal woman 👰🏻
❺ 🔻⚫🔻 ❹ ❸ 🔻⚫ ❷  🔻⚫ ❶ 1⃣▶👑 ❶Follow👉
🔄 RT for Pep's Barcelona. ♥️ LIKE for Pep's Man City.
ED frickin SHEERAN!! I woke up still SHOOK!! 🤣🤣🤣
The fate of duck tubes is in your hands! 😮 500 retweets and a duck tube will be made for Club Penguin Island. …
HOLY CATS I LOCE THIS 😭🌹💚✨
Thank you ✨💜✨
Cats are in a world of their own! 😂🐱
Ion brag on my 🐱 she gone speak for herself 😌
🌀Free Sex Cams - Live Porn 🌀Watch sex cam shows and chat for free 🔆 🔆 🔆 htt…
Mxm Casspers new song with Davido🙄. They copied the exact chord progression I did on “Charlotte”👎🏾
❤️❤️  cr.millionsofstars
Lies. You make me happy every time I see and talk to you!!❤️😀
Please don’t take my sunshine away. 😢
LMAO I was waiting for my fellow DB to address that 😂👌🏽
We were obviously feeling ourselves👌🏼
Just remember: this will be in LeBron's top 10 plays when his career is said and done. 💪 via …
Almost didn’t make it outta there last night man.... I thought San Antonio was cool 🤦🏽‍♂️ but the people wasn’t fee…
The moment she decided to become a filmmaker 🎥✨
Ew, y'all still be in drama? 🤢
🏛️ ODD MUSEUM upcoming collection 24 - 25 March, 2018 Seoul, Korea by Mr.Destiny
Cardi is such a character 😂
RT, REPLY, QUOTE: 🤸🏻‍♂️ - “HOPE ON THE STREET”
⭐️Patriots⭐️ Let’s get this video retweeted. Spread the word. Help make California Red.
thread para votar por Louis en los iheart awards💙
🌎 iTunes WW:  - Love Yourself 承 'Her' [NEW]
Let me go find theseee😫😍
Good Morning Everyone 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
We have stars in our eyes, and in our dressing rooms! 🤩 ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️
Love you ❤️
Yes fill up mommy's pussy with your big load of cum.❤💋👅😈
1: Retweet this🍒✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🍒✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🍒✅ 4: Add  in BIO
look at them 💘
[ HIXTAPE TOMORROW ] rt if u stan jungkook , follow whoever rts 🌹
ikon's live vocals 😭 kings
Tuesday is the day! Texas Primary ✅Ted Cruz, Senate ✅Greg Abbott, Governor ✅Dan Patrick, Lt Gov ✅Ken Paxton, Atty Ge…
Look what I came across today!!! 😆  I’ve always wanted a nice back so coming across…
love u😘💕
SAY HELLO TO MY HOPE WORLD 🌏 [
She thanked her fans &amp; those who love and supported her. Mag replay ka nga at maglinis ng tenga 🤪 Happy Birthday
This is paradise 😍🍜
ROFL TL bilkul  mukt As if it didn happen🤨 Hello That the scene with CONgCabal…
the original squad MY HEART IS SO FULL 😭
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (12:00pm - 1:00pm) 1. BTSARMY - 373.7K+ ↗️…
Good morning aeris🌞 [[Morning Challange]] In 24hour 1500RT 750Reply    htt…
👭👭👭 Girls learn to talk &amp; read quicker than boys👬👬👬 &amp; use more complex vocabulary 📚📚
Lol yeah then when we get back together I go back to google photos and recover them shits fytb 😭
Harden vs. Kyrie 👀
West Ham United fans caught gold on the mains 😩
he’s like watch me and the next time he flipped the mic, he hurt his hand 😂😂😂
Loooool this is me in public after smoking and smelling like weed 😂😂🤦🏾‍♀️
🐾 doubles, to 3rd. Hillier grounds out scoring , 1-1
Follow everyone who retweet and like this👹
Delicious anal😏😋
© SUNLIGHT → 180226
Somewhere warm of course, with a beach ☺️😉
(4) Winners - 7for7 Postcard Booklet w/Photocard ⭐Stream   to 50M views⭐ * Reply/Tweet Proof * Must be Fol…
Blessed 🙏🏿
What a Fucker 😍
This is giving me a 90s feel too London 😍
Happy 35th Birthday to the beautiful Lupita Nyong’o 🖤
chanyeol today on sketchbook - a thread 🔥 HY: chanyeol-ssi, how are you? CY: we are currently on tour, so moving around a…
OH. MY. GOODNESS. 😱
ARMY we are now 40K+ behind  Keep going! 🙏🚨    -
Mf’s wanna play victim to shit THEY CREATED.. 🤦🏽‍♀️
Surely the work the bhoys put in to this deserves a retweet ⛄️❄️💚🍀
today ends the voting for best boy band award. let‘s vote to the fullest! 💘 TO WHOEVER ARMY SEES THIS, RETWEET, REPLY AT…
En Rosewood era Red Coat y en Ravenswood es Black Widow 😂
💃 continues! Join now by streaming 'Daydream' on Spotify / Youtube / Soundcloud / Apple Music,...…
I was crying to Jacob about leaving you, Hailey &amp; Trista. 😭😭😭
Ewww imagine having a chill day with JEANS ON🤮
Cream in your Coffee 😏
Add up. Add up. Stories start Monday 🤙🏽
⭐️ Sex Cams Free Live Sex Naked Girls ⭐️ 100% free sex cams site ! ⚡️ ⚡️ …
send me something pls!!! ❤️
Dolphins need a RB to compliment Drake. This could be the guy. - ✌🏾 DAWGS…
I hate you 😂😂
I just have to thank God 🙌🏾
Follow everyone that LIKES AND RT THIS 🔥🔺🔥 Follow👉  🔥 FOLLOW ME 🔥 TURN MY NOTIFICATION ON TO GAIN…
Michelle is here! 🤗
🔅Bowen are you ready? 🔅
Another derp face(s) Baek yebin seriously😂😂😂😂😂
somethin' sweet👼🏿🌸🍬 3 pic up‼️
Aww our baby is always fashionable 😘
I’ve just seen this but... bamboo gardens, Beijing and Mings😍😍😍
BRO HER FACE 😂😂
Yes I will bask in Ireland where we have snow up to our knees 😂
Be happy , your happiness mean everything for us your fans 💕
FLAMES OF LOVE 🔥🔥🔥💓💓💓
She's so extra i kennat😂5555
Hi well this deal is gonna have to happen again summer time when I’m back home from school....🤷🏽‍♀️😭
My chest pains feel like I just saw my partner at the Derby with someone else. 😟
Yasssssss 🔥 happy birthday Camila
Hey Fams, let get this vid to 60 likes 👍🏻! Tell you friend to watch and like the vid. Have their friends watc…
I want more 😌💕   💁
My fans soooooooooooooo beautiful!!!!!!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
STATS UPDATE FOR  ❤️  = 435.30M e= 319.74M Harmonizers = 4.77M Arianators…
I'm also want dark chocolates 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
I’m glad this suspect is giving his drug dealer, AKA: “best friend” a verbal threat through the cameraman of  😂
when you get your new album finished, can I have an autograph? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
3 points ✅ clean sheet ✅
This is my coconut friend Wilson, I love him ❤️
DAY DREAM  💭💛🌞 i dont really have time to be drawing but the mv was so fun it made me want to play around with s…
AGRHHHHH MY BABY SEHUN !! Love his style 😭😭😭  Pls Take out with full credit
Sadly, I stopped smoking 😢
Grils. 🌚
I had to much coffee and having to much fun today 😜😛🙃😊
fuck yo bitch then told her bye bye bye 😂🔥🔥
A Snack Story ❤️
🔥🔥🔥🔥 [VIDEO] 180303 D.O. performing growl at The EℓyXiOn in Singapore cr. dytanrlz
marvel studios announcing the WORLDWIDE release of avengers infinity war like a boss! 🙌🏼
I remembered it from an old MTV2 show, Wonder Showzen 😂😂😂🙏🏿
— 𝒉𝒗𝒄 𝒓𝒆𝒄𝒐𝒎𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒅𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏𝒔. 🎧 a compilation with songs that vernon recommended over the years in fansigns, v lives etc. hope yo…
Here's the final info on the TFIL - New Zealand trip 💪🏼😊👌🏼 Please note the FAQ section 😎
no follow ?😞
Why do Ghanaians eat like they’re confused 😕
ARMY we are now 40K+ behind  Keep going! 🙏🚨    -
We couldn't agree more 💯
happy birthday dad!! Miss you so much. Hope you have a great rest of your day!!! 😘💜🎉
AYEEEE!! Bout to break necks ☠️
📣📣FAN PROJECT MONFAM📣📣 Please help us to trend this tag  as an APPRECIATION for . Ple…
"It's a huge advantage for us to have everybody back there and rooting us on." on the home field advantage. 😈…
yo bro! Your ep is the only compilation of Nigerian songs I have ever zoned out to🎧🎧..Too beautiful🔥😩
Gain 200+ active followers fast!! 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
I vote for  by  to win  at the  🌼 🚨RT/ reply if you want this to…
Hey Collab whit  🎶🎶🎤😍😍
I love you, Kim Jongin. 💖
I think I’m looking at my future husband.. 😶
Shooters shoot 🎯
Lmao. No. But I did succeed in not getting kidnapped 😏
The Igneous Recruitment Challenge video is about to launch! Stay Tuned and Turn On Notifications! 🎮
Go have fun wit dis one yall ‼️‼️
WoW ... Gene, you're fantastic! You really know how to master ... the best!! 🤟🏻😎🎶🎙👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
7. "You're not that cute! You look dusty" LMAOOO 💀
Do tell yourself you can. Don’t be your biggest obstacle 🦋
📸 HQ | 5SOS M&amp;G with fans at a few days ago! (3.5.18) (1) -M
y o u a r e m y w o r l d 💓
love u too 😌
Follow everyone who RETWEETS this 🌟
Loveeeee yallll❤️ really not trying to “pay dust” ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ima be stiff as hell tho 😂😂
why ya gotta be so perfect 🙃
Deleting old tweets. Those belong to you and I  🔻
Wishing my kiddo and her Southern Oregon Univ 🏀 teammates the best of luck at Nationals.
Here’s to growing old gracefully with the help of a decent makeup bag😉and a few top tips
Dress cute but comfy. Like heels and stuff not necessary at alll😩 I’m wear a t shirt and some jeans lol
Retweet if you remember Astro Wars 👾
My heart. 💔 Imagine suffering and seeing your loved ones dying in the hundreds, thousands... but the world not caring enough to…
🎉COMPETITION 🎉 Win 1 of 3⃣ pairs of hospitality tickets to next week's game against QPR. Just follow &amp; RT by 10am on Friday…
RT if you have FRIENDS ❤️
Thanks God!👆 Goodmorning!💗
Go ahead and peep 👀👀👀
[PREVIEW] 180307  2018 Japan Arena Tour 'SVT' in Nagoya Day2 - Vernon   [©Classy boy, Monoclassic ]…
🌊 Watch Live Sex Cams Now! 💦 💦 🌊 No Registration Required …
Thought you were lactose intolerant? 🤔
brabo!!! 📏📏📏
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (9:30pm - 10:30pm) 1. BTSARMY - 471.4K+ ↗️…
Y'all see how my man put the cup down &amp; walked off tho😤
GN 😴 Have a Great Night/ Morning ✨
The lack of disrespect boys have for girls after they’ve split up is unbelievable😂 you once loved that girl man, disgusting
[TRANS] Taeyeon comment to Yoona: Two kids I like 👏🏻
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 1⃣7⃣ straight wins for the They take it over the 110-99 behind 26 PTS, 6 AST, 5 REB fr…
LeBron’s best passes 🔥
But really, I hope Namjoon is doing well and resting well 😌
My pillow is dead ass my man at night 😂🤷🏽‍♀️
Increase our Faith and guide us oh Lord! 🙏🏼💙
Rt ...if u trust in God ☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺…
I'll never leave a comrade behind 💕
When u knw k iss dafa bh CGPA 3.5 s km h aani h 😕😕
Poes funny 😂😂😂
ATP __^^__^^__^^__^^__^^ _♡ _◼▫️◼▫️◼▫️◼▫️◼_ _♡ _♡ _♡ _♡ 🌿🌻🌿🌻🌿🌻🌿🌻🌿🌻…
Oh lucky me 😊
oouuu i can’t wait to have me a lil boo.. i just be wanting to cuddle and touch on somebody🙈🙊
👅 If you want followers ➊ like this✔ ➋ Follow all who RT &amp; like✔ ➌ Followback everyone✔ Turn my notifications ON 🔛 🐍¥
He’s BACK AT IT AGAIN with the insanity 😱
RT: The Perfect Summer Experience - Royal Cyber Club STEM Camps! 🆒 🌞 🕰️
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (3:30am - 4:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 128.4K+ ↘️…
Thank you so much This actually arrived perfectly on my birthday! 😂
Bro... in about 6 months you gonna be wishing you was still in high school 🤦🏾‍♀️
this is child abuse omg poor lil mama 😭😭😭
Hi everyone, my name is Nonhlanhla and I buy outfits for an event only to return them the next day for that ridiculous amount of money 🙋🏾‍♀️
About to have the 'do you want to dance anymore ' conversation with the daughter 🙈
kim kardashian released a new app that's like shazam but for clothes 💖😻 App Store: …
Who tf added legs? 💀💀💀
The calm before the storm... 👀 inside the  room!
I love Nancy 💘
Happy birthday gf! Love and miss you so much! 😊♥️🎉
Can yall see Jesus in the bald spot too😂😭😭😭
the setup vs the results. $80 at a studio vs $0 at home 🌟
Shine on! 💫
Need a hold my hand while I take an ice bath kind of thing😂
Shit went right over they heads  legend✊
NEW MUSIC! 🔥🎶 Today we’re releasing second track from the upcoming Beat Saber's game soundtrack! Enjoy and be ready…
I’m So Cold Wipe My Nose🤧❄️
Poor thing.. my yoongi baby FLEWWWW to JEJUDO!!!! Just to do the punishment😂😭😭 my busy baby poor thing!! So why did u lose!…
The support b needed somtimes folk ✊🏾
BABE is a MEAL 😍🍑😍
May 23rd✨
Happy Women's Day to all the incredible women out there 😘 Shine On!! Not just today but everyday...
Finally a TV for Arsenal fans 😂
Shaq was SHOOK when his mom walked in and surprised him for his birthday 😂 (via
Im shook 😂😅
1 down ✔️ and we keep fighting in BK 🍊🏀
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show brown sugarrr:oi oiiiii
📣WE HAVE BEEN VOTED AS  BY ! 📣 LET'S GET A HEADSTART ON THE VOTING, THIS IS OUR COMPETI…
Nice one, Vica 🤗 (At least we get those beautiful dreams sometimes❤️)

Omg did they figure out a Schedule? 😂 setting limits and rules! With occasional naughty ness ❤️
Get your confidence back with a Skinworx Liquid Transformation!💉 Plump the skin and add back volume with a custom…
I suffer from CRS (cant remember shit) 😂😂😂
I feared this 🙁
50 Win Season (... and counting) 🎉
Please film the video you do this one with Monty 😍🙏♥️
Everybody’s Gone Surfing! 🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬
plug walk 👽🔥🚶🏾🔥🔥🔥
just a casual tuesday night instagram live with a couple prisoners, s/o my followers in pen 😂🤙🏾 (instagram: aliyahmar…
kappa kappa gamma spring break 2018 😍👑 lovee love love my little kelseigh 🙉🙊✌🏻
thanks baby 💘💘
The 👑 is on 🔥🔥🔥 sheeeeesh
My kind of weaaaaather 😴☔⛆
I haven’t seen this part in Star Wars 👀
Happy women’s day my ladyloves❤️
When my bf judges my taste in anything, I remind him that HE IS MY TASTE too 😂
Honestly, why isn’t that your bio?😂
let's be weird together my love 💙
I can’t wait till my scene comes out on dvd 😩
Harry Kane that is ridiculous 😩
Homie recording like his mans aint in a dire situation 💀 that camera man aint shit lol
Doing a few quick giveaways because im quitting for a while, RT to win 17 x Cafe floor Ends in 1 hour .com only GL🖤 ht…
😏Follow everyone who retweet this.
3 more hours and I’m officially in vacation mode 😎
▪️OIG FINDINGS: VA SYSTEMIC AND PROGRAMMATIC FAILURES▪️40 RECOMMENDATIONS MADE TO SERVE AS ROAD MAP TO IMPROVE ALL https://…
Regina has the best taste of forbidden fruit so I will definitely eat her out everyday 😋😍💦
With Coco and The Shape of Water, it's Mexico that won at this year's Oscars. 🇲🇽
We hit tht hoe😂😂
The Ugly Truf Out Now!!   💿🔥▶💯💪 @ Clarksville, Tennessee
It's  We're heading down to Buies Creek today for a rematch with the Camels ⚾️ - Campbell 🕓 - 4 p.m. 📍 - Jim…
*local gets more than 100 retweets* their friends: OMG 😭 remember me when you’re famous 😭 see you on Ellen 😭 *random ri…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (7:30pm - 8:30pm) 1. BTSARMY - 347.9K+ ↗️🔥…
💕Sensitiv&amp;classy
Look what Black Hammer Brewing is brewing on 😍 Our very own beer 🍺 We've teamed up with and…
🚨HUGE NEWS🚨- GT Men's Basketball will finally NEVER wear Russell uniforms again
The Hundred Acre Wood is opening up to the world. Watch the new teaser trailer for Disney's  🍯 …
Interesting 🧐
Arright Twitter work y’all Magic 😩 My name Is Ameyah and Im a 17 year old from New Jersey &amp; I make Lacefront wigs and C…
"I thought falling asleep on FaceTime was a myth, until I received this... " this is great 😂😂
I’m in love wit the money i can’t kiss you 💋
Thank you 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
(get_repost) ・・・ 🛎🛎🛎🛎🛎🛎🛎🛎 It’s gonna be 🥜🤘🏾  in…
U have, I seent it! 🤣🤣🤣
Stop focusing on how stressed you are and remember how blessed you are. Make it a great day! 😊
My boyfriend listens to classical music to calm down when I piss him off😂
I start laughing even before Brutus speaks 😂😂😂😂
👍🏾 for life
🚫 strong hours have started!🚫 1.  - 307.1K+ ↗️🔥 2. - 235.0K+ ➡5 DAYS LEFT and this will b…
She s in heaven like or retweet if you think she's enjoying all that white cock 😍😍😍
please bring us any time soon. Peep this  🔝💃👐
So close 😳
Cute😁
JAEBEOM WHAT ON EARTH 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Is Black Coffee Black Motion Amanda Black Are this babies of Black Mambazo?😂😂😂😂😂 😂🏃🏃🏃🏃🏃🏃
🍸 sounds like you can use one...or two 🍸
Hopefully this week 🤞🏻
u know 🤦🏼‍♀️
Alex is the blue eyed beauty you've been waiting for (24 Photos) 💟
🏄🏻‍♀️ EXO-L please go to the comment section of this tweet and RETWEET all of EXO fanbases tweets, ALL. This is really import…
🌞 Totally Uncensored Live Sexcams ⭐️ Live Cam Girls, Free Tokkens 💍 💍 💍 htt…
Pikachu 100% CP 686 Level 31 Male [Quick Attack/Wild Charge]  27.976702,-82.790703
Sometimes you just Have to support yourself 😏 Wait for No one!!
'iKON Japan Dome Tour 2017 (Additional Shows) DVD' RANKS  IN ORICON DVD DAILY CHART 🎉👏
I can't see these pics😭😭 What is happening Twitter??
FAO: Scots, If you get upset or angry at the sight of 🇬🇧 which incidentally is your nation’s flag and the one many Sco…
Taxi owner murdered in Jeppe Johannesburg. WARNING 🔴 GRAPHIC
ANTI freestyle video ❄️
We’re praying for you POTUS!🙏
Tomorrow I will reveal the 12 outstanding finalists of the 2018  🏆 - Stay tuned!
I got back on my feet now , I can take care of my team now , Ima hold my whole team down , niggas hate and I dont see how 🤦🏾‍♂️
Imagine entering a danfo, and the passenger asking the conductor how many rts for their destination 😂😂 …
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (4:45pm - 5:45pm) 1. BTSARMY - 238.0K+ ↗️🚨…
🔁RETWEET to send a strong message that it’s time  is required to vote in all 50 states.
happy birthday abidale💗💗 love &amp; miss you pretty girl
HOV x  👊🏿
the perfect view 👏🏻👀
Omg 😯 2019 films includes Captain Marvel and the untitled sequel to Avengers: Infinity War, Toy Story 4, Frozen 2, live-a…
The airs vibe where I live is the same but glad you guys are feeling a good change ❤️
No he did not say “Telemundo and chill”.... 🤦🏾‍♀️
USA = United States of Attama 🇺🇸
STRAWBERRY😂😋
Thanks girly ❤️
Happy birthday, Rik! 🎉🍾🎂 Today would have been Rik’s 60th birthday. Let’s show just how much we love him! A celebrati…
Jo Kwon’s instagram post: caption: “animal feat j-hope 👠 been a while to see him and so proud of hoseok! let the mixtape…
[ 180326  6TH MINI ALBUM &lt; SCHEDULER ✔️
I'm online  💚
Bc I tweet what’s on my mind 😂
I do not give one fucks, two fucks 🔴fucks 🔵fucks
Was it on Button Moon? 😂
🗣A GENERAL post... will hurt a GUILTY soul 🤷🏽‍♀️☺️
Vince Staples launches $2 million GoFundMe so haters can pay him to go away 😭😂 …
let’s help our B-Armys trend this hashtag  ❤️
Y'all see how my man put the cup down &amp; walked off tho😤
our energy Jackson! Happy birthday!🎂🐢
Addubk, it's in your will oh God! 🙏🏻
These guys throw 🔥. Who are your picks?
Quality reps with 💯
[Random  🎁 Win a Random GIFT 📲 1️⃣  this tweet 2️⃣ Follow Draw in 11 Minutes 🔥 …
Alex be like I could have chosen Cee-c but the night hadn't finished so anything can still happen😂😂😂😂😂 burst brain
Lol ngisho ngimbhimbha 😂😂😂 but I’m always telling them ukudansa ukubala😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝
Time to separate the wheat from the chaff!!  🇺🇸
Caught her cheating with a "non human" 😕
Follow &amp; RT for a chance to win the ultimate Watford FC day out! Prizes include; 📝Signed Shirt by Watford First Team 🎟️2x Tick…
Did I miss something?🤓😎  Ma bae the greatest, love you legend!
Man, that is a beautiful compliment. I appreciate it 🙏🏼 ... I also agree with you. That shit is light years ahead 😭 ....…
180327 KBS World Idol Show K-RUSH Season3 NCT 127 It's wonderful!😜️
Send me a nigga that knows how to be MY nigga &amp; not everybody else’s 💁🏽‍♀️.
South Carolina's all-time scoring and blocking leader: ✔️ 3-time first-team AP All-American: ✔️ Only 3-time SEC Player of the Yea…
[BTS V OFFICIAL] Run and run again~ RUN BTS!🏃🏻🏃🏼Preview👀 - March 27th, 2018 9:00 PM(KST) RUN BTS! 2017 - Epi.46 @ V LIVE…
2016 jimin on the left and 2018 jimin on the right. We love our fellow Mina stan 💕
I stay away from where I’m not wanted 💯
i’m so ᶠ ᵘ ᶜ ᵏ ᶦ ᶰ ugly whenever i 💞💓💞💗💖💓 💖 💗…
GREEN DAY: Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day in Washington, DC. Photo © 2017 by  …
10,000 rts and will go to prom with me , twitter help me out pleaseeee 😭
FDPH is giving away 4sets of Puppy ℓove Bundle C in celebration of  How to join? 🔥RT this tweet 💡Must be f…
Thank you so much!!! I love the momma didnt raise a quitter. Its funny and relatable 😂😂😂
I'm not really ready to leave 😞
🐰We ❤️ our golden maknae, even though he never stops joking around. It's  so share the best of Jungko…
A Milly!!!  ・・・ It's time to celebrate 🎉🍾  by , &amp; official…
This photo has been 👍
we’re all so proud of how far you’ve come ❤️ ily
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show Bow2✴️Paigey 😈: ❤
James🙏🏼    🇺🇸…
An I the only one who's excited for Jackson birthday tomorrow?😍💜
Pro tip: always have a lana del ray playlist ready for when girls are in the car ✌🏻️
omg 15 years old should chill. those 13 years old were them 2 years back. 😂😂😂
😮Retweet if you follow back &amp; Follow everyone who retweet or like it.
Is this the first class flight 🛫
Congrats JaDine 👏👏👏
smile 💛
Facts 😂
Heyyy can we be friends😀coz i really want to have an online friend — suree hmu! 🤙🏻
Ok, thanks Google 😂
I liked a video 🔴NICK NEWELL LIVE! ONE ARMED UFC FIGHTER?
Can’t begin to explain how much this reminds me of my grandpa. Love you Papou ❤️
Ter A B S di abs. 😂
It's the fuqn truth 😡😠🤬 Hi Ann😜
Why would she, a queen ever let your hands anywhere near her😑😑😑
Good morning ❤️
yeah bro bro 🤙🏽
A beautiful gift from Baloch Nation to Pakistan. 😁😁😁 Shame On Qadoo Ajaam !!!
*cough* ass kissers *cough* 😛 but seriously, shawn knows the difference between being cool &amp; supporti…
180327 — © minstory
Wow &amp; nobody gassed him up?! 😭
he is such a boyfriend ughh 😢
Ending today with this. Good night. 💚
✌️ more days
😍NO REGRETS TOUR HOODIES😍 YELLOW or RED? 🤔😏 🎩🐺🌹
I want everybody to win💪🏾
happy birthday to our girl halle! 😍
War Remnants Museum in Ho Chi Minh City🇻🇳
This went left for him real quick 🤣🤣🤣💀💀💀💀😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
He dubbed her y’all he never gone get no buns😂 he so picky
back in la for the next month😍
Kejriwal criticises BJP for scuttling ration delivery. 🔺He would visit slums from next week along with his MLAs to tell th…
this is what sex is gonna start looking like thanks to Rihanna 😫
I hate a "it's up to you" ass nigga . Like boy if you don't plan something with yo unromantic ass 🤣
you see his face when she did that, disgusted😂
😆 I'm the best 😂😂
Wishing all involved in tonight's   a wonderful night 🏆
💞🌎 Follow&amp;RT
Water is land? Uh, I don't THINK so! 😂 What is it, opposite day or something?? 😂🤣😅    …
I'm so emoTionAl 😔😔😔
That’s called Permanent resting bitch face 🤷🏾‍♀️
Wait a second... Brian Stelter from  wanted to correct  😲 Hell is freezing over...actually no, he didn't…
She act just like how she play in movies 😹
Bruhhhh pops came busting thru 😂😂😂
a nigga that loveeeees eating pussy&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 😛😻
Of course darling 😜
truuu but sometimes they get in my face and wave 😒
For you means my followers 😆
don’t hmu when the person that made you fold on me fold on you🤭
I really want a  Project for the next HVFF 😍😍😍😍 Emily excited face when she look at this!! She loves s…
Parking in D.C. 😂😂
Hope notices my new stennies🙃
That lenny face THO😂😂
Copy successful traders automatically with Bitcoin! 💰💰 I copy "Dividend667". Do you? ➡️ …
always my luv ☹️
I got no worries 😉
Thank you very much for the feature 😍
Nice bro 😁👍🏻
i’m really upset that i didn’t get the new gymshark release ☹️
I be reading the fuck outta people 💁🏿‍♂️and most of the time I be right
So my sister has that Musically App &amp; I thought this was the funniest video ever 😂😂
highlights from Pro Day! 🏈
FAP MATERIAL ( ได้ทวีต: 🔸Free Adult Webcams !! 🔹Start Free Chatting Now 🔸 🔹…
Follow me and the 1st 50 to RETWEET fast! Let's see if you've got notifications on ☺
SENDING CONDOLENCES FROM UAPB 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾 Praying for the JSU family Jackson State University is sadden…
swag- something we asians got 🙈
Gain actives fast!! 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
IN LESS THAN 10 HOURS I WILL BE LEGALLY DRINKING AT THE BAR!!!!! omg omg omg I’m (almost) finally 21 🍻
God forgive me for reading this 🙏
Superb.. 👌
Will Smith is my favorite person 🕺🏻
Watch this Video how The Aadi Team United Together and Maked A Sensational Aadi of  😍😍👌👌
Happy Birthday Jackson !! 😍 🍰 🙌🏼
Nigeria needs a homecoming show this year! 🇳🇬
PiDism greatest follower 👇
Your  is on for  🎉🎶
Stop on by my office for a lovely "full" body examination from your favorite slutty nurse~💕 https…
The last day of  is a cause for celebration. 🎉 Let's have a
More Photos of Chris Evans at the Opening Night of  🎭
Totes bibe high 😂 I’m having T-Lee flashbacks
Join our Whitelist and claim 30% bonus before it is too late! ✈️  ✈️
💖 GIVEAWAY 💖 In honor of Soonwoo being cute yesterday, I'm doing a giveaway of my extra Alone album + an OT13 The Sae…
The ROY race could be tighter than the Western Conference playoff race ROY watch 👉 …
Don't forget about how amazing is our SBA Cast and Crew work 👑👑 Birce and Ibo acting performance is beyond perfection 😍…
I say this bout dem bitch niggas all da tIme 😂😂
beautiful baby 😍💚🍀
Here's Why We Need Guns I'm going to make this easy for you to understand: ✔️FBI knew about Nikolas Cruz ✔️FBI knew abou…
Facebook never fails me😂
What did I do to deserve you 😭❤️
How to Be Productive Using the Pomodoro Technique 🍅 (We use this every day.) …
Made this Cajun fettuccine today with lemon pepper wings and ciabatta garlic bread 😋
😹😹😹😹😹😹 I'm be like:
Follow everyone who Like and Retweet. 🥋
What's your favourite track? 🎶
My album “INVASION OF PRIVACY” will be out APRIL 6!👌🏽👌🏽Thanks for the love❤️
Which song do you have on 'Repeat' right now?👀
Use It Right - I’mma I’mma means “I’m going to” DAN BUKAN “I’m a” I’mma win the race ✔️ I’mma be your best man ✔️ I…
because of you I'll sore up high ❣️
Copy successful traders automatically with Bitcoin! 💰💰 I copy "Dividend667". Do you? ➡️ …
@ this shit don’t work😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
omg you just reminded me that shes gonna be 1 by the end of march 😭😭 she's growing so fast
Yellow/Orange can actually be associated with Happiness or Joy plus B’s caption 🤔🐸
either seok is lovable and cuddly and hot so its a win-win for both of us 👀👀 i'll ship u with actor seok too, uwu
You're welcome. 😎
That amizing,Japan ...👌😯😯😯
Counting my blessings 💔
Tasty 🤤 probably need one more person huh 😏😈
I can’t deal with them on here 😂😂
Finally Something Good On TV. I LOVE Roseanne🤣
daniel laughing at jaehwan’s extra bu amazing adlibㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ i just love these small interections of 96즈💕💕 …
Hi ☺️ are you going to have our boys perform at your BBMAs this year? If yes, please do not reply back…
🎉 Anime Huggies New APRIL Arrivals is here!!! 🎉 Choose your waifu/husbando now and show your love for them! Check i…
That movie was crazyyy. Now I wanna watch it again😂
and i need a good grade 💀
💛💚💛Tuesday Spring New Releases💛💚💛 All necklaces come with a complimentary pair of matching…
Will forever be the mood cause y’all love erkin lil ni🤦🏾‍♀️..
me: school is killing me😭 i don’t have time for anything also me:
Ok twit it’s a long shot but i want to adopt a dog from the shelter so twit do yo thing please 😭
As you shouldn’t. Tf 😒
Wait! What? You mean...... she lied? 🤔
Loved it❤️
Damn if I knew I would've brought my heating pad. 😧
When he FaceTimes you while he’s out 😍❤️😍😍😍😍😍❤️😭😍
More like kill me now 😂😂 be dead before we even get there
johnny storm 🔥 bisexual to the point of foolishness 🔥 falls in love with every attractive person i see 🔥fiercely…
Where’s the option for neither 🤮
My boy done grew up 🤙🙏 that shit hurts fr to see the Woman you love with someone else but if the love is real. Her…
🚨🚨DAILY WARNING!🚨🚨 SHEP IS NOW ON, SO TURN TO NEWS OR DO IT NOW!!!
Gotta do everything on my own ......can’t ask people for nothing in this world I swear💯🙅🏽‍♀️
getting yelled at by yo bf will hurt yo feelings 😂 on God 😒🙄
🔔 CHANGE OF THOS TAG 🔔 Don’t forget the THOS voting tag has now changed to  😌 Don’t forget to tag
' M/V MAKING TEASER   release 'D-5' ➡️ 2018. 04. 04 6PM(KST)   https://t…
This story actually broke my heart, some women can be so evil, may Allah heal him ❤️
Going through chemo and she’s still taking care of me 😭
😂🤣🤣 who is running this account?!? My sides!
Jim Harbaugh after he realized Michigan was the only B10 team to lose a bowl game 😂😂😂
First day on the job for  Cali Brown — she hit the ground running! 🐶👔
Literally the 😆😆
Soon expect this behavior in Western nations.❓.Everything that do not support Islam must be destroyed❓😳 …
🆕 StatTrak™ ( AK-47 | Fire Serpent &amp; M4A1-S | Chantico's Fire ) Giveaway! RT , Follow and click h…
Needed that! Had to laugh!😘😂
Just take a nap😪
I see🤗
Let us never forget this vine 😂😂
Air Max 270 🤭🍊⠀
Plz Retweet! Can we hit 1 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS by  ?? 😃😃 SUB HERE! Tell your friends! TAP THE BELL 🛎 to get n…
You can see his lisp in the gif 😂😍
~ ♦ ~ ♦ ~ ♦ ~ ♦ ~ COMING SOON ~ ♦ ~ ♦ ~ ♦ ~ ♦ ~ Thrilling Ethan by Anna Paige Preorder Now -…
Yea he’s got some shit coming for us. This verse 🔥
★彡 Late Post :: FB UPDATE ★彡 © Eat Bulaga
I got a soft spot for one person lika bih.😩
He hasn't been this year and wants to see Donovan Mitchell ball 🏀
Catch up guys... had this news months ago. 😜
This is how he works behind the cam..😭 im so touched he never treats the membrrs as his subordi…
Good Morning🌻🦋🌻
This is my perfect night 😍😍😍
Everyone who retweets get a naughty pic in DM 😏😈
😰Retweet if you follow back, Follow me and everyone who like or retweets it
Thankyouuuuuu kath😘 love u mwaps!😘
✔RETWEET✔ if you love waking up in the morning and Donald Trump is still President! Much to liberal's dismay, he is goi…
Idk why im like this😪 stubborn as hell
Why do I always cry watching ?!😭😭
On YouTube channel wp entertainment now 🔥 Tq so much guys ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Mine told me he liked blondes, so I went from brown to black 😘🙇🏻‍♀️
[Updated] 30/03 2PM KST   Melon  (-3)🚨🚨🚨 Genie  (-10) Naver  (+2) Bugs OUT Mnet  (-6) Soribada
VAAAAAAL! THE NOTIFICATIONS🙈!
Follow everyone who RETWEETS this 🌀
woojin really gave his 💯% during their boomerang mv recording 🤘 woojin-ah you did well 😚
This dude it blessed all around! ❤️🍆❤️👌🏽
BABY I AM WAITING FOR U ! COME TO MY ROOM &gt;&gt; I AM SO HOT !❤️❤️❤️ 💚…
omg mars you dont have to feel bad u can get them $$$ thats what most instafamouses do 😂😂😂
Lol made his hole speak 😂
🔴🔵 's 📸shooting &amp; 🎬movies with  .... choose your preferred position to approach her🔞🔥..... (5…
(PICS)  ☁️☄
Made too many left turns now it’s time to make a right. 🎵
Atlanta’s OG Crip isn’t going anywhere (literally)! Caption this “Can’t Get Enough” video 🤔🤣🔥 …
love this energy....don’t be boring with me cause I’m too retarded for us not to be playing. 🤣🤣
[ good morning☀️
Finally baseball is back 🙌🏼😎
All members are available except Jihoon, Guanlin, Daniel and Jaehwan 💗
getting yelled at by yo bf will hurt yo feelings 😂 on God 😒🙄
I have so much anxiety right now 😩
Fishes love wine and the water.😌♓️
Of course! I have to support my fellow boos 💕💕💕
Internet Rapper 💻 - Shelly Knicks prod. Shot and edited by Dedicated to all the nice…
9.19.2009 » "It's a miracle in Blacksburg!! Tyrod did it, Mikey... Tyrod did it!!"  🦃 In the final se…
your making my heart hurt watching your show!!😘 xxxx
LOL. Must be my imagination 🤷🏾‍♂️
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Great job! I love them so much 😍
This 😫
Bruh 🤦🏾‍♀️😂 same
1 pull and I'm seeing other dimensions 😂
Trends Started by MSDians in Cricket World 😉 🔷1st BDay Trend 🔷1st World Wide Bday Trend 🔷1st Trend To Celebrate Debut 🔷…
My son lets me lay on his chest while he watches his baby shows. A man. 💓
That morning D was sooo good 🤤
Alrighttt but like time? 😭 I’ve been refreshing YouTube for a min
We know one person who's tuning into  right now! 👀 reveals how he became newest…
Loving the  videos! 😂😂😂
The hubris and arrogance is stifling in this one. 👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼
ARREST 89 Criminal  Immigrants YOU GO ICE GET THEM OUT OF AMERICA‼️
Which anon this wey she know my face😂
MP's Son Shot Dead in London-Sadiq Khan's “Gun Free” City! 👉🏼👉🏼10 Dead in 12 Days👈🏼👈🏼 Both KNIFE attacks and Gun violence…
A lot Holy Smokes - HOW QUICK THE TIDE CHANGES 😮 HYPOCRITE CITY No wonder they are hiding this &amp; removing…
finally saw ep2, fave part abt it: they used outro her in the intro!! 😍 i ❤ outro her 🌟
Afternoon drinking with work......what could possibly go wrong 😂
best of luck to my bffs doing big things in mexico this week i love you guys!!!!! 💘💘
[ good morning☀️
Having nasty sex cause that’s just how freaky we are 😏😏😏
And just like you, i moved on 🤷🏽‍♀️.
Always our Connie. ❤️
On everything 😂😂
please continue smiling brightly just like this 🖤 cr. Laundry13_
Sick and tired of having to pick between my charger and earphones 🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️
Night outs 🍻
Well, that's good to hear.👊😂
| Harry looking at art in Barcelona today March 29, 2018 • ©️
Fav if you hate me Rt if you hate me more than anything❤.
Say no more 😎
When I slap that ass It turns red that's my typa sex 😎
Nowadays everybody wants to be a stoner 😂 but back then y’all thought smoking was stupid
Real Madrid news: Antonio Conte 'contacts Bayern Munich's James Rodriguez' with shock plan 🔥 Football News:…
Ok sure thanks 🙏🏾
Rise &amp; Grind 💰
💕Watch her spread that beautiful ASS! 💕 Enter here 💌 💌 Enter here 💌 💌…
Follow everyone who LIKES and RETWEETS this 🍩
AHH YOURE TOO KIND ILY 💞
storm from tomorrow at your nearest theatres..🙋  😎   https…
💬 | Discussing fanfic…. “See…everyone’s told me not to read it…”
Would you cop a pair of the "Air Kuzmania?"  🎥: Kyle Kuzma/IG Story
"God will provide 💕"
Ted you &amp; 29 other Members of Congress who employed the Awan Brothers &amp; got "hacked" allegedly or pay for play 🤔4 national se…
look how strong is 💚
Easily the most underrated day of the year, gotta love Opening Day ⚾️
Hi, I'm online now on EuroSexCams🇪🇺♥️ Join me and let's  It's  ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️ https:/…
a year &amp; a half later. my dudes just keep gettin' better &amp; better. ☺️
Man and Cat high-five and fist-bump 🐾
Click on the J Hus @ pls 😂😂😭😭😭
🗣 SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK 🗣
🚨AHGASE VOTE NOW!!!!!!🚨 🚨AHGASE VOTE NOW!!!!!!🚨 🚨AHGASE VOTE NOW!!!!!!🚨 🚨  으로 GOT7 🚨 international fans - change time zo…
🔥Get daily money 🔥Follow us + RT 🔥Tag your friend 💰The prize is ★ Shadow Daggers | Ultraviolet!…
2803018 🌹 They looks so handsome, I'm so in love with them 😍❤️💚
Lolita: lend me tekken Brother: no, I buy games to collect them, not play. 🤔???
my favorite date. ✨💛🥂 S/O to my photography skills but my best friend makes it soooooo easy. 😭
Exo as a whole, cbx is just the first "unit"... 😭😭😭
you're worth every risk 💕
NW: Casino Royale ♠️♥️♦️♣️ 🎥
laugh with me💀
I’m craving brunch and mimosas 😅
Ty for my paint 😊
Saviour flopped so hard btw 😂
Follow everyone that likes this tweet ☣
Idk why I keep using an eye liner I'm allergic to and fucking up my eyes instead of buying a different brand 😫😫😫😫
🚀 DAILY Giveaway 🚀 🧤 Well-Worn ★ Driver Gloves | Diamondback 🧤 ✅ Retweet ✅ Follow us ✅ Reply with 2nd, 4⃣th and 5⃣th…
The geek is strong with this one. 👍
I live with you...tf 🤔
🐯🎥 | Taehyung siendo el wason. Why so serious~ El actor favorito de Army. 💜    https:/…
2 much body for this 2 piece 💋
Day 13: Idol   ❤
A duck confused by a mirror 😂😍
Go to Tacos Charly in the San Fernando Valley.. you won’t regret it!! 😤
🚨 NEW HOT ONES ALERT 🚨 laughs, cries, and discusses everything—Ed Sheeran, guitar-store etiquette, his new…
Love coffee? We’re feeling generous this month and want to treat any fellow caffeine lovers to a few drinks on us ☕️ Simply…
🗣 GET A JOOOOOOB !!!!!
❗️SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT❗️ Stoked to be apart of this years Mosh Against Addiction Fest in Perry Hall, MD on May 5th. We’l…
Darlainky 550 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 550 people.
but really I just wanna be an auntie 😭
Will Tom claw his way past Fred to the finals? You decide! VOTE HERE! 👉
RT  all who RTs Train 128👇
I’m bored so I made a burger . 😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭wow I need friends
UNFILTERED NBA COMMENTARY ON THIS DAY LEBRON WAS CHARGED FOR CHILD ABUSE 😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥🏀🏀🏀    http…
i need help 😭😩!?
how u rapping bout ur ex with ur new girl in ur video? 💀
Put it in law. Today, the Georgia State Senate officially recognized  as Kings of the South 👑🍑
ACT tomorrow. 25+😩🙏🏽
People grow when they are loved well. If you want to help others heal, love them without an agenda. 💕  🦋
Hey here’s some original and inoffensive content that could use some loving. That’d be dope. 🙏
Little best mate was made up with his 4 goals 👑🇪🇬 won't stop singing his song, told his Nursery teachers Mo Salah…
🌈A Bad Case of Stripes🌈
Happy birthday, Papa! 💓 I love you forever and always 💋✨
EXO successfully closed their 'EXO PLANET  - The EℓyXiOn – in BANGKOK' concert✨ EXO enthralled fans with amazing perform…
the boys are playing tag with strep and I somehow got tagged without notice of game in session 😒😭🌬
The reporter that asked this question and the editor of this video both deserves medals 😌
Xhosa's are lit AF😂 I can't laugh alone 😂😂🤣🤣😭
👨‍❤️‍💋‍👨 COUPLE GOALS 💕
Lyme flare ups suck. My body hates me this week 😭
Since I ❤️ u so much, 2x 🔥 🔥 🔥 dragon lore giveaway. Follow and retweet, gonna pick winner on my stream ! …
And then, Apple be like “Maybe : Baby💙”
Blessings 🙌🏾
I’m calling you an Uber 😂
A1: Willingness to be vulnerable. Can’t risk without being willing to fail then fail better next time 😜
I was just talking to my dog and then this happened ...😳
🚨 ATTENTION 🚨 SORMONE HAS BAILED TAYLOR SWIFT OUT OF JAIL!!
"Everyone, with me!" 🦊❄️🤺
Happy 7th birthday Sailing Soul(s) ⛵️
RM just surprised fans with a sneak peek of his upcoming mixtape! 😱
Baby baby babyyyy! 😍
Everyone watching Rick fire up Lucille with Glenn's lighter 🔥
Nasty girls will never get far in life😊🤷🏻‍♀️ simple as that x
Yes!! This is what it's all about 🙌🏼
Cristiano Ronaldo has now scored 50 career hat-tricks: ⚪️ Real Madrid (44) 🇵🇹 Portugal (5) 🔴 Man Utd (1) A goalscoring great…
this is the end of klausweek????? however, I hope you like it! coment what do you think? ❤️
Apparently the Oklahoma drill has been a thing in Padre for years 😂😂
I was just talking to my dog and then this happened ...😳
&lt;still waiting for you till July 2019😭😭hwaiting!! &gt;
Hey there! 👋 Want more followers and engagement on Twitter? Check out this awesome growth hacking tool…
The worst jobs to have 🤦🏽‍♀️
🎯 The pass from 💫 The finish from Our opening goal in yesterday's quarter-final... https://t…
Waffles are better don’t @ me🤷🏽‍♀️
💖💖😍😍🙌🙌🙌yyesss Ryan yes 🙌🙌🙌love you
“How you like it daddy?” 🤑
dear guy, pls take a note ya💁
well done to you and your team!! Was worried sick watching it on TV in 28 degree Abu Dhabi 😂😂
You are never too lost to be saved✨
have You Seen these 2  s 🙏 , they were in the back of a BLACK VOLKSWAGEN CADDY Van when it was  in
🌟2018 SENSIBLE K CHEERING GOODS 입금폼(Deposit form) 👇🏼
Figured u weren't bright enough to catch it the first time ❄️❄️
Tell me is yo house a home ..🙄
it’s called a preference for a reason calm down sweetie 💀
True love ❤
Glad ur not totally loosing it! 😉 I hope u finally got to ur next desti…
We've also setup a few guides to help people get their GameMaker game on Instant Games 🙂 …
Beautiful posture♥
just facts🤷🏼‍♂️
Paul Pogba 2017/18 stats: ⚽ Goals - 3 👟 Assists - 10 ✅ Starts - 24 ✂️ Haircuts - 29 The 2018 Salon d'Or is his 👏🏆 h…
Could watch the replay of that stinger Tiger just hit down 11 all day 🤤🤤
🎬 HIGHLIGHTS  (2-0) 🔵🔴
PATRTIOTS  Follow, Retweet, Like:  🇺🇸
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ i would die hahaha.
Annoula, AL and Afroz. Thank you for connecting with me. 🥒🥕
Yeah 😅😅
bandana gawd😫 throw🚲
🚨Listen to No Love by KingQ 🚨
👑🐐💧GOAT
Goodluck on finals this week 🤓📝 I know you ladies will do great! ❤️
I been thinkin bout you😉💖
Which rumored collaboration would you like to see happen the most? 🎧 • Retweet: Ariana &amp; Camila • Like: Niall &amp; Shawn…
Team 3 wooow👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
You crazy asf sis got the cake 🎂😂
💤💤Good Night Gang💤💤💤🐶 🐱 🐯 🐺 💤💤💤
Four more followers 😃😃😃
Still trying to reply to all the birthday messages😅Thank you everyone ❤️
You've just shot yourself in the leg. You call Nina dumb and yet your tweet is filled with errors. I can't deal mbok 😂😂😂😂
Is A Road From The Eye To The Heart, That Does Not Go Through The Intellect....# ☬🛑☬🛑☬🛑❤️❤️❤️☬🛑☬🛑☬ …
🗺📚We’re only one month away from  your (philosophy) doctor-recommended source for academic work on mapping and texts.…
Stop it I love him so much 😭😭😭😭😭
Shoot 👨🏾‍💻
Big  news clearly is coming, and it won’t be good for Team Trump‼️😎
💖 love you main bitch
Her pussy stay wet we don’t gotta use lube 😛
for all the great moments &amp; memories!!!! 😭😭😭😭
He made the FaceTime into a gif it’s lit🤧
🌱You Want Followers🌱 ☁Retweet &amp; like ☁Follow all who RT &amp; Like ☁Followback everyone ☁Turn Notification ON
That bat drop. 😳 got ALL of this one.
Nude Beachin 🏝💓
er week! 👊
🔽Meet with local babes at 🔽 😎♨✨🔚 porn Juicy sex R18 xxx booty Play nsfw Cuckold video Lech…
I’m hot, hungry, and tired.😒
stop i'm 🤧
u guys are so sweet to each other 😻
I am the real thing I tell you who I am and my goals 💯 there’s pros and cons to my life but I need you to be down for me
Thank you pookie❤️
[  ' 📆2018.03.23 6PM KST
Our boys love
Morgan and Rick know it too!! 😁😉
Never trust a man who sits on a 'fast unto death' &amp; comes out alive!
thank you 💚
If we don’t talk we don’t talk, and I won’t go out of my way either🤷🏽‍♀️
180320 ViVi Interview jimin got excited at the bowling alley and even managed to get a strike while on the job💘 …
I'am one  too... U shameless and waste CM ur dividing  😡 bringing back divide and r…
Taking a  as we finish moving in...💕❤️
I was just talking to my dog and then this happened ...😳
The little boy was on Blac Youngsta’s ass 💀
im ready for 70 &amp; 80 degree weather baby🤪
Can’t beat views like this.👌
And I don’t seem to be going up to 130 🤷🏽‍♀️
6 Hour AK-47 | Hydroponic Giveaway! To win you must! ⚡ ⚡ Tag two fr…
Ate cha love u pa din 🤗
cause pain is love and love is pain 🧡🧡
This nig has bio says “add for add” I’m dedddddd ☠️
➡️ Have you tried cheesecake in your pressure cooker / Instant Pot? What's your favorite? ⬅️
🇺🇸🇺🇸Calling all Illinois patriots!!!🇺🇸🇺🇸Tomorrow, March 20th is your Election Day for your primary! Please vote for these gr…
After all it was a great show 🔥
11:11 @ my happy pill 😻✨
Countdown starts for the hvy celibration   🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🌊
With or without youuuuuuuu... 🎶
ahh i cant!!!! 😭😭😭😭
Remember Me😢
Oh we are indeed MOTIVATED Devin. You are the best motivation around! Support 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https:/…
I love you too G❤
"Hello im Wanna One's Seungri" 😂😂😂😂😂
District 4-AAA Baseball ⚾️ End of 4 innings Heritage 6 Bearden 1 🐶
💕💛 the queen of hearts
It really is 😭 So there’s no way I’ll look as good lol. I don’t even know what I’d do with my hair. Maybe put it up.
Your grandmothers prayers are still protecting you . ❤️
See?? The 🌎 is LAUGHING at u - MORON!! 😂😂😂😂😂
🔥 Please help He found out today at the pharmacy that his  was deactivated! He needs access to his M…
👀 👅 Follow everyone who likes and retweets this to gain more followers!  🍓🌽🍛🍏
Nasty girls will never get far in life😊🤷🏻‍♀️ simple as that x
$SPY NEW LOW was $268.81 and just short $0.06😠 from hitting Bearish target $268.75. Currently $269.55
Greatness takes time 💯👏🏼
THE GIF THAT YOU ALL NEED, YOUR WELCOME LISANATIONS ✨👌🏻
Wunmi, get up 🤦🏿‍♂️
Texas drivers be like... 😂😂😂
This love, this love I mean it till the day I die❣️
We love you. We love you so much. No matter what. ❤
I’m glad I got iron pills, I get cold so easily 😩😩😩
Yeah now that I think about it but I mean the tweet was about a different Libra 😂😂
-rl lentudey membandingkan netizen facebook,ig,twitter👏👏😅
Whoop, whoop! 😍
Chuck Douglas Childress 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Holy crap I thought it was tmrw!!!😣😣😣
can we have this for tea... 😍
CLICK HERE ▶️ ◀️   in  north carolina. Young and mature pics free.
Keep dat dark energy away frm me. 🌹
THANK YOU SO MUCH I AM SO HAPPY YOU LIKE IT 😭💕💕💕💕
I was just talking to my dog and then this happened ...😳
Jungkook in fanfics : 😏💪🏻🔞 😏🔥🚬🔞😉✊🏼💪🏻🚬🔥👅 💪🏻🔞✊🏼👅🚬🔞🔥💪🏻🚬😛 🔞😉🚬🔥✊🏼😏👅🚬🔞🔥 Jungkook irl :
Thank you so much sa time baby 💕
i feel like i said that shit before 😂😂
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 EIGHT IN A ROW!!!!!!!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Y’all been 😴 on em
irene...that smooth transition from dancing to "alright, that's enough for tonight..." 😅
i hope it goes well! always rooting for you pey💓
Retweet in 5 seconds for some good luck 😋😁
Her and bobby Valentino are really done? 😍 👀
⚽ Goal of the Day 💥 For this goal in 🇯🇵 and for many other reasons, you'll always remain a true 🔴⚫ legend Happy birthday,
🅱️ernon is salty
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BESTIE I LOVE U SOO MUCHHHHHH 🎂🎆💋😍😁
Throwback to one of Kolo Toure's finest moments on his 37th birthday 😂🎉
We love you Wanna One! You did well! ♥
👉 Their employees held strategy meetings with Russians 👉 They stole 50 millio…
Rugrats❤️
Harry Styles waving the pride flag during Medicine aka the bisexual anthem, RT for 10 years of good luck 🏳️‍🌈 …
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
❤😚🌹❤…
We ❤️  Listen to find why you should set your next  campaign in this dynamic setting. …
They said the Cavs had a chemistry make over 🤣🤣🤣🤣
If someone would like to plan my outfits for stagecoach, I'd appreciate it. I hate shopping🙃
That’s all i can remember for like a 5 hour period too 😂😭
Y’all funny asf 😂😭
R/T 💥 MUST READ THREAD 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸
Happy birthday baller😘 y’all go follow this chic for major inspiration/motivation
Our thoughts and prayers are with all those who know Mark and his family 🙏🏽
2nd day at 3rd day ng exams💥💣
In my opinion Dominicans vs puertoricans is the Spanish equivalent of the light skinned vs dark skinned beef black people have 😂
Her and bobby Valentino are really done? 😍 👀
I’ve never accepted any gifts from any of my ex’s...🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️
Best way to start week 😍
Raindrops 💦
Her ears when she just wakes up 😂❤
better check twice hoe ✨💚
Coloring eggs for the Easter Bunny!🐰🥚💙💛💗
📣TOP SOCIAL 50 REMINDER- INSTAGRAM📣 👉Follow official account: 🔗 👉Like and comment on eve…
When they play the full version of set it off 😭
Can just team up with please, that is chuffin what we all need right now 🙏🙏🙏
RT IF YOU LOVE MESSI ❤👑🐐
So this happened last night, just wanted to ask her why she running🤷🏾‍♂️
Have a good weekend y’all 🙌🏾
💥APRIL 3RD!💥 Special Election Massachusetts HD-2nd Bristol District Democrat Jim Hawkins - https://t.…
✨❤️Witch ♥✨
Read and Spread ARMYs! ⚠ Please do not unfollow for april fools prank. It will affect their top social 50…
⚠️ is currently dropping in followers which is causing a huge affect for Billboard Social 50. Please don’t unfo…
🆕 Screenshot  What movie is it? 🎥  (1935)
April fools is Cancelled it’s only going to be Easter 🐣 Tomorrow.
Happy Easter, Friends &amp; Patriot Sisters &amp; Brothers 🐣🌼🌼🐑 Always remembering the love that Jesus showed to us when He was cr…
[PREVIEW] 180331 © mark u
Good luck for tonight Lauren! I’ll be rooting for you and Jamie! ☺️👊🏻✌🏻
Secret Crush MercedesAMGF1 secretly loves you! 😳 Who loves you in secret? via
🚨 ARMY🚨 Please DON'T UNFOLLOW as an April's fool day prank 🚫 🌟It's important for BTS ranking in the Social 50…
From Local Channel To National Channel Time When Thalapathy Become Talk Of India 🔥 Now Won The Best Film Outside India Th…
[ DEADLINE : 31st March 2018 ,11.59pm KST Read carefully ,good luck LOΛE ♥
That’s one sexy Easter bunny ❤️🐰🐰
Sorry 🙈
💄 The Best Free 18+ Dating Site 💋 Get your Fuck Buddy Now ! Click ➤ Click ➤ …
Beardtae😂😀
WANT GET MORE  MY FRIENDS? 🏆 🏆
1 from last night 💫
🐻Seul Bear’s Time🐻 HAPPY APRIL FOOL'S DAY! 【】
STFU😡
i hope everyone is having an enjoyable easter and if yours is only beginning as you read this then i hope you will have a wonderful day💛🐥
🍓🦊🍀 For the fantastic ❤️
🎨 「Still Life with Mandolin」 Pablo Picasso　1924
Driving beyond your comfort zone. 📷 Stephan Bauer
ARMY⚠️ — On April Fools at exactly 12am kst we will be changing our display picture in BTS Twitter layout,pre debut or be…
i am a: ⚪️woman ⚪️man 🔘high looking for: 🔘pristin 🔘seriously where are they 🔘it’s not even just kyla anymore where are all…
Can’t fault his commitment to the cause. 11 players with that level and the better players will shine.  ⚒
To repost or not repost? Hmmmm..... 🤔
Yesterday I beat someone from North America in 2K18, I feel like I can do anything now! 😂
What a shame.🙊
Tofu in black bean sauce mmmmh😋nice weekend folks 🤗
Mama told me “ Any Man that can make you smile is worth keeping cause not all can do that “ and that’s a real fact.🧠🎯
💥 BIGGEST. SHOW. EVER 💥
Now if only it would stop crashing... 😟 I get this every 5-10 minutes it seems.
Goodnight 💫
Conver 💗
Brave (3/4) 🔥 ● 50 rts to unlock / Sunflower 🌻
Here’s the first poster of and me  Hope you all like it 😊😊😊
Am I A Thot? 😂😭
What a finish for his 100th EPL goal🔥
It’s because you are an Aggie. 😂
Model: . View at the link in the Bio. ⬆👀⬆👀⬆ Visita el link en la Bio ⬆👀⬆👀⬆ . .… …
You’re welcome and thank you 💖
I love those people who are just naturally funny without trying 😂
Just for tonight pretend that it's all alright ...🎶🎵
the end of the show show was absolutely amazing 😂 and well done Dec you done amazing Ant will be proud of you ❤
I had fun lastnight 😜 I was drunk ash falling asleep 😂 just too much
Happy Easter ❤️ have a safe one
Me too, I was rooting for him so much and I’m so glad he pulled it off with such grace and dignity. I love him💕💕
Just here 😍💗😉
How to save your teammate from dying in the storm 😂🔥
[PIC/HQ] 170331  at IME K-Wave Concert in Bangkok 2017 Red Carpet - S.Coups   [© Gravity] …
Clientele goin up all 2018 🔥📸  l
“Jinyoung so FAST 😭😫” SLOWLY_GOT7 OFFICIALLY WON APRIL FOOLS
Congrats! ❤️☺️
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 f u tanner
Got my pussy eaten all morning ❤️
They said Fabolous already warned y’all 😭😭😂😂
I finally had surgery to get the lump on my chest removed this morning 🙌🏾. My battle with cancer has reached its conclusion…
Paz do shopping ✌🏽😁
I’m tired asf😩
I’m the 1st one but got the face of the 2nd one 👹🙈😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Idk wtf wrong with my ear but it hurts so bad 😒
Good for him 👏🏾
Into these, Reds ✊
Just made myself a coffee in my new  mug from It's enormous 🙂
Huh. I hate the riot script. Ggs to all the teams we played today anyway 😄
Need a girl that’s down to cuddle all day and watch cheesy movies with 😴
Babyyyyyy I'm soooo ready for the crawfish tomorrow 😩
Oh how I wish I could’ve gone to one of these😩
I take one step away and I found myself coming back to you,my one and only you🎶
oops i did it again🧞‍♀️
can’t even begin to explain how accurate this tweet is 😂
Happy Easter everyone 🙏🏾 I hope you have a blessed day 💕
If you aren't getting ratchet at strip club, you are definitely not doing it right 😂
Good night fellow Beardmys! Please remember to TAG Vote for them 🗳  Stream and shazam Visit wi…
👀👀 Footage of Fabolous arguing with  &amp; her dad has leaked..
My sis showing ‘em how it’s done!!! we drop the  and  on April 6 🙌🏿 💥 …
100 club for congrats big man 👊🏾 oh ye and save today was a joke 🤯🤯🤯🤯
OH MY GAED MARRY ME❤️😭
Ulta has a sale today on Anastasia Beverly Hills Brow Pencils For $10✨
Now 413k 👏💪
$69.50 LMAOOOOOOOOOO i hate how hard i laughed at this 😂😂
Doors open at 22:00 guys 😌🔥 We’re on in less than 2 hours.
grav☺️
oh my god he’s so beautiful © NOTNC
When The Weeknd said “I want you to stay even though you don’t want me” I FELT THAT 🤧
Shit is wild 🔥
Out exploring the area where our wedding will be hold. ❤️💍
I'm fragile after watching Dunkirk😢
“Way I live Remix”  If you want me to drop it 🔥🔥🔥‼️‼️
If Trump was to hand in his twitter account as visa applicant they wouldnt let him into US 😂😂🤣
Wow obese arm, love that🥂🍾
thanks for 3k followers🙇🏻‍♀️
Having males as friends is soo cool until they tell u they have feelings for u 😭
Happy Birthday!!!! 🎉
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨 Go go !! Rate falling 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨       h…
Doggy Ass😍
Flow Surferito 🏝
Sleepy mornin nakedness 🐰
Weekend selfies 🌹😊
if Bangtan are called Beardtan on april fools, what should we call our fandom? Hairmy?😂😅 okey.bye.
Goodnight 😘
Go watch our Bobby and understand his world, and why he is who he is... which is an amazing soul. ❤️
B-4 Puppet 🌊🌊  outfit challenge
⚠️ ATTENTION ⚠️ PEOPLE IS SAYING THAT IF YOU HAVE “FAN ACCOUNT” ON YOUR BIO IS OKAY! I DIDN’T TRY IT MYSELF BUT SOME…
Very rightly said 👍. Noted chennai based designer and stylist speaks about  and her distinct…
Thanks for this ✔ Have a nice day 😊
ME TOO IM BOTH JENO AND DONGHAE BIASED 🤧
Y’all be cheating with females who look up to yo girl.............. 👀
Video call with my best friend💕
Watch out for on the AJ v Parker undercard, 16-0 (12 KO’s) definitely one to watch🇵🇱
This is the type of weather I’ve been waiting on ☀️ ✌🏻
407k+ tweets n counting... Make it 500k before 12AM..💪
Come on Trump nation! Make this happen! 4 days left! 68,000 signatures to go! Sign &amp; verify this petition NOW! ⤵️⤵️⤵️…
RT if you are excited to make 500k before 12Am. And btw count is already 400k+🔥
This 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
PLEASE DO NOT UNFOLLOW THEM FAM ❗❗❗ WE HAVE TO KEEP THEIR TOP SPOT ON BB SOCIAL ARTIST ❗❗ KEEP TAGGING INSTEAD https…
Member video alter 100k 👉👉 300 vid plus 200 fto 200k 👉👉 650 vid plus 600 fto 300k 👉👉 1300 vid plus 1500 fto Vid dikirim via…
the way she talks 😍😍
Chanyeol: Let’s not get hurt Jongdae: Let’s do our best Junmyeon: EXO EXO: SARANGHAJA! ❤️❤️❤️ …
K.j ur the best, luv u😇
When your boss asks for proof you're in hospital 🤣
Hahaha get out please girl~😂😊
Salon time 💇🏻‍♀️
Felt like posting anyways 😍😋🤤 DAMN KAY CHILLOUT
let's make this go viral🌏 If you will be voting for November 3rd 2020 RETWEET!! https://t…
How I eat this trucker ass in his cab 🚕
Kayla just face timed me from Troyboi and I’m wearing my Troyboi shirt🙌🏼
I had to fast fwd my tv 😂 mybad
😙 Some people will never change, and you just have to accept that.
Welcome home, Tage. 🌵
WhatsAppp whatsapp whatsapp whatsappp 📲0195970917 📲0195970917 📲0195970917
why be tied down when you can be tied up? 👅
Process of Urban Jungle✨
“Jealousy is a sickness, get well soon” hahaha🤣 -Shane
the breathless way he sang "nan neoppun" 😷🏥🚑🚑🚑
I just wana see a boxer move like this again👀🤷🏽‍♂️
madison has a concussion now but we still had fun😤😤
My ride or die 😈
set the table quite well today. 💪
R.I.P rocky 😢 x
If you don't, mummy Roxxy will spank you! 🤣
Anthony Joshua vs Joseph Parker Live Boxing Stream HD Share and Follow for more 🔔🥊    https:…
here are some really bad progress photos!! 💙✨🌙
Hi, I’m Codey Babineaux and I JUST GOT INTO PRINCETON 😭😭. It doesn’t even feel real . From rags to riches.
I hope McGregor is paying you during the off season 😀👍
🇩🇰 FINALLY:  AWAKENING IN  The Danish government recently released a plan to rid the country of 'ghe…
Screenshots don’t scare me , I know what the fuck I lied about 😂✌🏾
Five innings. NO HITTER. 1️⃣5️⃣ strikeouts. Danielle East is the first Fresno State pitcher to toss a no-no and recor…
sharing 😅
Why’re you mentioning me?😂
🌟$5 and $10 Video sale right now!!!🌟 ➡️ ⬅️
I’m having too much fun with toby and these glasses I got him 😂
Sending prayers and thoughts to my girl and her family ❤️❤️. Girk you need anything lmk. I’d be…
Even When She Ain’t Mine... She Still 🤫...
I just wanna skydive from Mars 😓
- good night all animal lovers ,, see you tomorrow 🐱 🐰 🐻 🐶
180224 IT'S SKIN 팬싸인회 Feels like I can go anywhere tonight🎶
Today is  as part of 2018 Season’s Greetings! 🗓    …
Wishing you a very very happy birthday dearest .... Have a great one... 🎉🎉🍰🍰🎂🎂😊😊😊
🌈💄💋SharingTheLipstick
📢📢📢 JUDAS 📢 WAS 📢 ONE 📢 OF 📢 GAGA'S 📢 BEST 📢 SONGS 📢📢📢
The bear had a haircut! ♥️
Thanks for the hospitality  - we’ll be back!  ❄️
Twitter family 🙏🏿 please go on YouTube and share the link ✨👁
NP 🎵Container ▶️ On  w/ x x  101.1📻
Writing session 🎶
Byul doing that with her tongue when Youngja told them to date when they can....🤔😏😛
Idk why my grandma chose to stay home for work today but that was a bad idea 🤦🏽‍♀️
👇 bad boy down 👇
coming out of retirement to play some softball.☺
LA tonight 🔥
Can it be summer already please!🙄
omayghaaaaaad 😭😭 maliaaaaaaa 😭😭😭
🔞For more🆓FREE  📸 SEE my PINNED tweet😍
Your account have 9082 followers, but the voters are so little 560 tonight. How can you do this ... 😭😭😭
🚨🚨Senator seeks answers on why FBI waited weeks to act on Weiner laptop in Clinton case 🚨🚨
Yeahhhhh 😘
I put my artwork on some blankets and I’m in love..They’re super cozy too 😩😭💕 who wants one?
somethin' sweet👼🏿🌸🍬 3 pic up‼️
😳 whoa
💜💛LADY EAGLES ARE THE CHAMPIONS. Warren Easton beats Nevillle 56-40 to win Class 4A state Chamionship. Eagles finished seas…
Aren't you in  yet? This  game brings fun, real estate and💰 Vmoji technology is owned by only 3 big companies…
Zeus is GREAT at taking pictures. 😍
"What is love?" "Protecting the ones you love more than yourself." 😌
36M!!!!!! 🎉🎉🎉 4M Away to 40M views!!!! Let's go iKONICS!!!!!
My sweet Elizabeth. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Happy Holi munchkin n to all beautiful people here 🙌❤😘❤❤💕   She's having a blast…
Almost missed the bus bc my mom wanted me to drink the hot chocolate she left for me🤦🏽‍♀️
Ayeee thank you bebskensss!!! 🙈💕
What a brilliant initiative 👏
🤘🏾 the difference between us and everybody else keep working brother 💯✊🏾
Got married in June 12, 2017👰🏻🤵🏻💍
Hoseok: *moves one inch over* Taemin and Jimin: 🏃🏼‍♂️🏃🏼‍♂️🏃🏼‍♂️
Who remembers the old rap beef DVDs? 😂
hoseok’s sister instagram story: “amazing, son!! 🙊🙊🙊🙊🙊 hope it makes a hit❤️”
bruh i cant 😂
You guyssss look at my future son 😩😢
Rick Ross 🙏🏾#
Someone bout to release a solo album and group cb lol Transparent as always YG~ MOBB all over again 😒 but I won't boyco…
Want to relax and cum on a local horny woman’s face? 💦😍 sign up on ➡️ ⬅️
🔥Live Webcam Sex Chat For Free! 🔥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ https…
How Bahamians play dominoes 😂🤷🏽‍♂️🇧🇸🇧🇸🇧🇸🇧🇸🇧🇸🇧🇸
Never thought something like this would happen at our school. Everyone at CMU stay safe ❤️
"You'll get there. We all got our stuff." ♥️
Shooters shot 😂
with our humble mamshieeeeee 💕
Goodnight Manila 🌕 MNL day 1
[🚨] Blue Side (OUTRO):    - ( / HOPE WORLD
Mustang🔥
🙌  TIME! 🙌 To celebrate the amazing  on this Saturday I'm giving TWO very lucky winne…
Almost Caught Dog Lackin 😮
I want to eat his cheeks😔
⭐️ Sex Cams Free Live Sex Naked Girls ⭐️ 100% free sex cams site ! ⚡️ ⚡️ …
Ric Flair really is the 🐐.
[ ] follow everyone who rts to gain seokjin stan mutuals 🌴
🔔 [ ] 🔔  has surpassed 20,000+ tweets! Keep your tweets coming! Don't forget to use:
The girl in the front was hittin that hoe 😂😂
Dujun and gikwang will fight each other on Battle Trip. 1 to 1 Dujun vs Gikwang soccer ⚽
come to the uk please im dying 🙏🏻
Music to our 🐼 ears…
Update: y'all piped this storm. Ain't no snow on the ground 😭
Today is the day!!! Let's go my fav girls 💚 I wanna see a block party!!
Happy Birthday boo💙
🔔 iHeart: Vote Rate🔔 Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (10:15am - 11:15am) 1. BTSARMY - 345.6K+ ↗️🔥 2.…
I just want to be heard. Like is that too much to ask for ? 😒
May sweet summer surprise ang favorite n'yong teen and kiddie idols! Summer sayawan na w/ Maymay, AC, Heaven 😁 Edward,…
thank you 🖤🖤
⚜️ Tonight.....Pomme Paillasson       ✌🏻
🐢 I suddenly received a call from my dad. Dad we’re filming. Say hi~ 👱‍♂️ It’s Yerim’s dad. Hello~ RV: hello~ 🐢 I’m eating…
Daydream 🐠🐟
Hawaiian Social Night 🌻💕
ok ik im supposed to be on a diet or whatever bc of prom pero I WANT SOME FUCKING CONCHASS 😭
1: Retweet this☔✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet☔✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you☔✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
Thanks sara! 🌹
I look about 15 but this is a look for Cuba 🤸🏾‍♂️🤸🏾‍♂️🤸🏾‍♂️
I can smell the NPA on Scott. went to his page and my suspicions were confirmed 👌😂😒
I liked a video 🌟 My Top 6 YouTube Channel 🌟
💎⚫️🔘Rt For the S-Class Coupe (Left), like for the S-Class Sedan (Right) 🔘⚫️💎
This is how my TL looks after 10:30pm😭😂😍❤️
Don’t miss the ticket to  Have a good  ✨
Drippin. 😎
Well that’s the thing 36-40 weeks is actually 9 months NOT 8 😉 and MOST ai…
Cant Stop, Wont Stop Its Not A Option 🤞🏾❤️ Father God Wrap Your Arms Around Her🤞🏾🤞🏾
My team are for real... I love you can’t wait for what’s next 🙌🏼 thank you to and all of my dedicated fans 🙏🏼 https:…
he thought he lost his candy 💀
Lacoste created a collection by changing his logo to save 10 endangered species🐢
She say look ma “no hands” 😈
Happy birthday old man3️⃣9️⃣🎂
That was epic. Loved that 👍
[🇵🇭PH GO/HELP RT] SWEETER THAN SWEET 's 1st Cheering Slogan 💠Price: P1000/set 💠Deadline of Pre-Or…
it never fails 😂
Pedialyte saves lives 🙌🏼
Follow me and all like this👈 Follow
Sometimes i be high asf and horny like a mf 😜😩
Happy Birthday, 💛 God bless you always.
I’m the 🐐
🏆 1⃣RETWEET this🙉 2⃣FOLLOW all that LIKE &amp; RETWEET🐵 3⃣FOLLOW back all that FOLLOW you🐒 4⃣GAIN with…
lmaooo yesss 😂😂😂😂
we stay unbothered bubs dont worry💗
I guess  filled up mastermind's house without Aka😂😂😂
Wish I could be there too but still nursing an injured ankle.❤️❤️
:¨·.·¨: `·.. lethal love;  [🏹] a meanie and junhao au What if the four of them fell into the hands of a twis…
She who returns from a journey is not the same as she who left 🌸 Jasmine blushing-peach crystal…
350 easy follows ✔✔ 👉Retweet fast 👉Like 👉Comment ifb 👉*Follow back*
LA tonight 🔥
All about the support 😂
Feel so humbled that my vlogs are being shared by teslarati 😍🙏
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (9:30pm - 10:30pm) 1. BTSARMY - 502.7K+ ↘️…
⏰iHeart will be preparing for bankruptcy. However, this is most likely NOT going to affect the awards. Declaring bankruptcy in…
⏰iHeart will be preparing for bankruptcy. However, this is most likely NOT going to affect the awards. Declaring bankruptcy in…
🖤💞Good Morning 💞🖤
Nah really active on this acc 😌🔫
Babe. 🐷
Morning y'all 😃
[!] Thank you to everyone who reported this problem and retweeted this. The mass reporting worked! 👏 If you search ‘EXO’ and…
These Elephants expressing pure happiness is everything. 💚
You make me sick 😂
I BELIEVE in the Power of Prayer Sending Prayers up for Rick Ross🙏🏾
Happy Birthday Menggay! Love, your EB Dabarkads 🎉❤️
Best day 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤😍
Rhiyan Carreker for Mefeater🌹 Styled by:
happy birthday once again beautiful, hope God blesses u with a wonderful day ✨💕!!!
🇺🇸In🇺🇸It🇺🇸To🇺🇸Win🇺🇸It🇺🇸 TEXAS EARLY VOTING IS GOING ON THROUGH TOMORROW M…
1000 fast retweets = 1000 fast follows RT if you follow back! Follow me ⚡ Let's GO 🔥
It’s the weekend! 👏🏻🎉 Push all the stress away just like how Alden pushes  away with Safeguard protected ha…
You Ever Peep Somebody Lowkey Trying To Be In Competition With You ?😂 like wtf
Gain 700 Billion followers😂 Im giving out 16 Shout Outs Tonight 😍 1. Turn ON my Notifications🌍🔥 2. Retweet This Fast🔥🔥 3.…
🌼_dong_ii IG update beautiful boys, beautiful memories
Awesome client! 👍
When friend groups collide 🤷:
You sure about that? 🤔
Rt to see a nurse get fucked in your DMs 😉
Great share 👍
Camila Cabello’s post on Instagram about being an opener on the  - “this is a dream come true.” 💖 https…
a family 💑
Good Morning Tweethearts🙏😍😘
Dont forget to stream "I can See Your Voice" where GOT7's JB is guess. 📌8:10 PM KST stream here: 📍…
- ( 🗺 HOPE WORLD 🗺 →
You ever had that one ex who jus DONT go Away 😒 Fuck I gotta do ? DIE ? 🤦🏾‍♂️
Team is proud to announce the pre-ICO launch! 🚀 JOIN NOW ➡️ … 🌍🌏🌍 …
🇬🇧🗞Article a The Guardian: "Spain has violated Carles Puigdemont's political rights, UN told". 📆02-03-18 🖱https://t.…
Happy Friday from Jimin of ✌️💜
Butterfly 2x💿 love galore 2x💿 Portland 2x💿. What a week. Feed me more !!
Mix!!🎵🎶 ~ing
Event! ✍️ Prizes are waiting for you 🎉🎁 For more details 👉
100 fast retweets,follow everyone 🔥
Yes me too 💗
RT &amp; FOLLOW for a chance to win a signed poster 👏🏻  😱 . . .…
Daydream (백일몽) MV by j-hope - just surpassed 7M+ views - 9 hours since release! 🔥 Keep streaming + sharing:
[🎁] HOMESCREEN softcolor version of   -    …
Seattle we got a surprise fuh yall❤️ give us like a hour
✨🌟🐝🌼🌟✨🐣🐥🎵🎶i 🌟wishing your Happy spring 🌼🌸🌟✨🎶🎵Thank you very much 🌟✨
happy for you💞
Happy birthday my favourite 🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂 God bless you...
Dr. Alintoff has been absolutely lights out this year. Can’t wait to have him back this summer 🔥  ⚡️⚡️⚡️ ht…
Are you ready for spring?!😆 The first spring flower festival is coming up in couple of weeks!😄 Check out the plum flowers…
Help a brother!🙏🏽......10k Retweets in 7 days
Me supporting myself all 2k18 👅
151003 © Meant to V
Want to  a 128GB Google Pixel 2? is giving one away to a lucky winner. Go enter 👉
[HQ📸] Nancy &amp; JooE for Sudden Attack ❤️full album:     …
Thanking God😇 For this 😇😇 Another Kraaazyyy song with rockstar .. Always feel like writing my first so…
FAR RIGHT OMDS 😍😍😍😍
Wassup with this Arsenal and offside Phyno am seeing everywhere 😑
Airplane✈
Wish you all a very very Happy Holi 🤗😊
Hello Hope World ✨✨
It’s alright, no need to reply. Just don’t go hitting me up when you’re bored &amp; have no one else💁🏼‍♀️
Edging 💋🔥
THOSFansWorld🌏 — T+(+511K)🔥 THOSFansCepeda2M: (+9,6K) THOSFansChenoa2M: (+9,1…
Patua for "You don't know!" 😂
😡 AT THE ROOT OF ALL THAT IS WRONG...
Everything Pictured ✨ (must be following me &amp; to win) ✨
Damn less then an hour till my merch drops 😍😍
👑It's Gaining Time Now 👑Follow who  and  👑Comment  👑Turn on my notifications 👑Add  To You Bio❤ 👑…
“have a baby, it’ll be fun.” they said 😭🤮😂😂😂
Happy Birthday Ate and 😄🎂 IG Story: janeevakaila   -N- h…
Watch "God Bless Palstine😇🇵🇸" on YouTube God Bless Palstine😇🇵🇸:
Thank u 🙏🏾🙌🏾💪🏾
I was just sitting in a cell playing solitaire now they see me everywhere bracelet full of  🏹 …
Hoseok in Day Dream : 🌈☀️🍭 💗🌹☀️🍰💗🌈☀️💜🌸🍰💗 🌹☀️💗☀️🍭🍰💗🌈🍰💜🌸 ☀️🌈💛☀️🌈💜🍭☀️💛🌸🍭 Hoseok in Base Line : 👊🏼🔥🔪 🔞🔪🔞🔥🚨🔪⚡️🔞🔥👊🏼🔥 🚨🔪⚡️🔥👊🏼…
I was hoping for more 😔
[YOUTUBE 📊] "Save Me" MV just hit 200M views on YouTube! It is their 6th MV to reach this milestone! 🎉🎊 Con…
This is the sweetest pony I've ever seen 😍🐎 They were looking for a name for him 🤔 my recommendation  😉🤗💖 {Thank y…
😂😂😂😂 my girl, Sheneneh!
🇺🇸 Gen Flynn Endorses Omar Navarro! California, we need to unseat Mad Maxine, get an honest, real conservative in he…
. 💩🕳️ Obama DOJ Forced FBI To Delete 500,000 Fugitives From Background C…
what a time to be alive! W/  🤩💋🙏🏾
🌸 It's Gaining Time Now 🌸 Rt Like this. 🌸 Comment 🌸"IFB"🌸 🌸 Follow for follow 🌸 Turn on my notifications 🌸 RT and i follow…
time 😲! To be in with a chance of winning a Grafix Craft Kit, all you need to do is: 1) Like this post 2) Re…
i hear you guys from outside the hotel !!!!!! 💞💞💞💞💞LOS AMO ARGENTINA
Let’s see.... ARE WE GREAT YET??? 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Last  for tonight! Will try to shazam with 9 gadgets tomorrow! 😅    My…
🚨🚨 Arizona 8th 🚨🚨 ONLY 10 DAYS LEFT TO REGISTER!! If you want to keep up the momentum built by Doug Jones and Conor Lamb,…
Think about how many single-use plastic straws 1 REUSABLE straw replaces?🤔 Switching from disposable plastic straws to reus…
ChCOlaTEee is just unique 🌹
Karma didn't have to travel far, two strikes already 🙄 after the next one just stay home for good, or better yet in jail. h…
Is there something you want to tell us? 👀
what we were doing a year ago :)   🙏🏼🎥:
I hate a "it's up to you" ass nigga. Like boy if you don't plan something with ya unromantic ass😂😂
I love my brother more than life itself💙
〰 BTS' &lt;Save Me&gt; MV surpassed 200M views on YouTube 👏 congrats guys!
Virginia Fans right now 😂
‘King of K-POP’ is back! Finally,  announces date of long-awaited comeback❤ Let's get ready! 🎧 Music release 2018.0…
RT: International Country Club 🏌 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Baby!!!🐘
Would you ever marry a kingpin(aka a drug lord)🤴🏾💊🔫💵 ? &amp; what’s your opinion on them ? — i’ll marry anyone as long…
Getting ready for the new list: ❌McMaster ❌McEntee ❌Tillerson ❌Cohn ❌Hicks ❌Porter ❌Omarosa ❌Price ❌Gorka ❌Bannon…
DEAR GOD: burn every BRIDGE in my life that leads me back to DESTRUCTION🗣🙌🏿
Follow everyone who retweets this🌙
oo nemen! Complete blood count 😅
this is Taniqua, my time sure does fly 🤙🏼
Wish I could sleep😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Retweet &amp; reply as many as you can! 📢  💜
Tell me about it! 😭
Call of Duty®: WWII_20180317134600: via
Daniel upload video at fancafe wearing dance practice outfit Jaehwan the mustard pouring sauce to Daniel the sausage 😂😂
children are treated like ANIMALS in Islamic Republic of Pakistan🇵🇰. You can see in this video that this Pakista…
Y’all really on the beach WILDIN 😭
OK It's Time for Ana Clara to go to Bed before she Embarrass herself - Hey PAPIITOOO where are you LOL 😄  https:…
I can spend tf out some money 😭
follow everyone who likes this, 🔌
⚠️FIGHT DAY💥🥊 VIP Tables - SOLD OUT Ringside - SOLD OUT Unreserved - Limited tickets on sale on the door. Doors Open 6…
You're right, that is petty 🙄
🔥 🔥 🔥 FOLLOW &amp; RETWEET 👉 👈 💖 👒 👄
you’re smile guides me through the darkest days  🌷💓
Okay, okay. Let’s get planning! You gotta show me the Las Vegas world, I’ve never been 😭
🍣SUSHI TELEPORTATION🍣
😭 you slipped cocaine in there like it’s regular degular
📷 Delicious.
In one of those "damn, wish I had a girl" moods so let go occupy my mind. 💭
NE SJ: ♂Treecko 100.0% (15/15/15) 124CP L5 Pound/Grass Knot until 07:53:59pm (28m 46s)
Excellent comment from the guest @ Le Meridien Gurugram 🙂
Key To Shopping With Girlfriend: Fully Charged Phone 🔋
Men’s Singles AC - 5✅, LC - 4 1️⃣1-6, 1-6✖️ 2️⃣6-3, 6-1✔️ 3️⃣2-6, 2-6✖️ 4️⃣7-5, 6-3✔️ 5️⃣6-2, 3-6, 3-6✖️ 6️⃣6-4, 6-3✔️
🔺How In The Hell Is THIS Any Different Than Allowing A Foreign Government To Interfere In US Elections?? 🔺Do You Dem/Libs Not…
who’s grinding right now? 👀
shame🐯
👏🏽MAR👏🏽CUS👏🏽 "With you I never get what I want." Hot and spicy like KFC in Cross Roads!
my loves 💞💗💝💖💕💘💓 have fun!!
Happy birthday beautiful 🙏🏻🎂🎁💕💖💝💜
My friend ask: Baekho is vocal or visual? Me: ..... Is rapper lol =)))))))))) 😂
When you can feel that something big is coming but you don’t know what it is... 🧐
I’m here to make money not friends💯
sir I want to see you in debate with Shashi sir 😊😊😊 let's start wherever you have a time !…
Yes they are📍
📲| Harry’s team has asked for the fans attending the show today to remain seated and away from the barrier when he walks t…
This videoooo 🤣
Yes,  is real...and it's today! So Happy National Panda Day, Twitterverse! 🐼❤️ …
The other day ☺️💕
Aries season up next 😉♈️
Yeah Chick-fil-A is better don’t @ me🤷🏽‍♂️
YES CHANYEOL WE LOVE THAT MOCHI CHEEK TOO 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
She’s killin me😩😩
We look forward to next week .. 🐱🐭
I hate when ppl start telling me about their personal problems 😒 Like sonnnn I ain’t even ask you
We better not to at all 🙃
If they don't accept you then you're just not for them...._👏🏼👏🏼
Fortnite is taking over the world😭
KING! 😱👑 Season 15 -
have got themselves a proper goalkeeper in Tim Erlandsson from  Very shrewd addition by 🧤 ⚽
Make this happen, Ms Gwen. 🙏🙏🙏
Hope all is good up there and the weather isn’t too bad 😉 shame I’m not up then would l…
➡️RT &amp; LIKE THIS ➡️FOLLOW ALL ➡️FOLLOWBACK ➡️GAIN FOLLOWERS 🚂
So sorry this is late, but Happy B-day! It was so awesome being able to compete with you yesterday. Nice job on that 200🏃🏽‍♀️🔥
Vibe for tonight💭
GUYS - BRACE YOUR SELF - EX-MEN AND COMPANY ARE OUT TO DEMOLISH MR&amp;MRS FAULKERSON - WATCH OUT!!!! 🐷🐽🐍🐖 R&amp;…
WARNING❗️ EXTREME CUTE GIRL
Lemme hop on this wave🦋🏝
Raise your hand if you’re happy Andrew McCabe was Fired this evening... ✋🏻
Nights like these I wish I had boo 🤧
JELLY Magazine jikook really cant stop talking about their japan trip wont they😂
RT: Marriott Marriott  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Nakoooo haha coming from Amor omggg ❤️ Hahaha thank you 😍
Y'all look at this! Whoever did this dead wrong 😂😂😂
Okay Mr. Aaron. Thanks for the observation 😘♥️
Today we begin our 90th episode of 😱
Ga state up 👀
“Saw her once, never saw her again.” I was a different person everyday in Miami 😭
Gamora and tony is a duo i never knew I needed 😱😋
i told him to mind his business, he says i am his business.... oh my.. ☺️😏
The New Yorker bringing the heat 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Don’t leave me fmv 🌌
Idc how serious the situation is im still gone laugh 😂🤦🏽‍♀️
my life is you, chanyeol💓
I doooon’t 🙈♥️
A meeting of the minds at    👀
Myself sense your chest😍😍
i hear you guys from outside the hotel !!!!!! 💞💞💞💞💞LOS AMO ARGENTINA
wOw, one big check ✔💯
I m missing you so looong yrs But my love works for me to find you. Feel how much I love you 😘…
graysons so close to 6 million and if he happens to do a follow spree I wanna help you all💖💝❤️ just tell me if he doesn’…
netflix😭
🔴Former FBI Assistant Director Chris Swecker: The Inspector General report will be 'Some pure TNT' to come out in his…
Blessed to receive an offer from Stevenson University!!  🔋
Texas bball... wth 😩
ALDUB Puzzle wizards Puzzle No.1 OHT👉
Mitroglou - Payet = Mitrayet 😭
Jove en Rose 🌹 This image from captures a close-up view of a storm in the northern hemisphere of Jupiter. More inf…
Fried! Not fired😁
Let’s settle this shit once and for all👏🏻😂 Menudo straight 🚮
Ion know why y’all acting like he faithful too .. shit i fucked him while he was with her 🙄
pls forgive 😔
RIP Steven Hawking 😔💔 (1942-2018)
Thank u Fam ❤
Honey Badger to the Badger land? 👀👀👀
I'm going to Manchester! So proud to say that I've been to all of your UK solo tours. ☺
You help me pay first, i transfer you later 🙃
Not surprised, why don't you people put on the same matches you put on the same years WrestleMania. 🙄😒
Lmao DEFINITELY PROBABLY ??🤔🤦🏾‍♀️🤷🏾‍♀️😩💜
cryptocurrency trading     😍😍😍
Seriously Ten is such a kid. Mehrong 😝
🔥Billboard Social 50🔥 - Tag in your tweets, RT, like and reply to their tweets - Visit their Wikipedia page…
Nothing like those Music On vibes, Amnesia Terrace 😍🔥
he is always handsome 😭😭😭😭
5sos tattoos appreciation post😍
how tf dis nigga lose a whole grinder 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️ det hoe was $20 ima need him to find det 😒😒😒
📝📝 Barz Alert 📝📝 x Sway Freestyle This was purely amazing, very very dope... 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 …
Out now!!! I need every1 to go crazy wit it!  we go again!! ❤💎💫
Donatello 😂😂😂
I miss my coco butter kisses 🎼
[Trans] Jhope 🦄, Jimin 🐥 &amp; V 🐯 “Jelly Magazine” Interview translation from JP to Kor : …
⚠️ NEW PROMOS ⚠️  7x14  16x03/16x04  (ABC's New Series)  on Tuesda…
💥💥 SATURDAY NIGHT PAR-TAY!💥💥 🎆🎆🎉🎉🎆🎆DRINKS ON ME!🍹🍹
I'm Kendall Jenner and I got a vagina😂😂
we need stable relashinships🤧
Royal Adventure] Part 1: Royal Adventure, depart now Clash Royal 👌👏👍😍💕  ht…
Got run up on outside an In and out today 😂😂. Safe to say my boxing skills came into play. Dude tried to get a worldstar…
OMGGG 😭 thank you! I’ll definitely be dropping you an email very shortly! ❤️
💡MY FREE PORN💡 -&gt; -&gt; -&gt; -&gt; -&gt;http…
True Sir 🙏❤... One can be happier without having much money ! It's lies actually how he/she treats and who you real…
Nothing irritates me like being told what to do when I know I should it 😩😩😩
I love football 🏈
I love Steve aoki 😂😂😂😂
Yoooooo off Twitter nigga NOW 😂😂
Do not disturb as watching most haunted. Gotta love Friday nights tv  stay safe all happy hunting 👻
Happy birthday to my gorgeous biggie!!!🎉 I'm so blessed to have met you and become your friend and sister, love and…
Druza what 😂?
The winner! Take this meme and tweet it to 👉 with the hashtag  👍  ( https:…
“Repeal the 2nd!” That’s ok, I have the 9th 😏
Melanin almost back. 🕺🏽🕺🏽🕺🏽
Yup. We can't escape from it! I thought you love snow 😉
Really excited for the new Star Wars movie 😂
He was actually mad he couldn’t do the shoot dance, I’m dead lmao😂😂😂
I know FAT HEAD AHH 😂😂 AINT TALKIN BOUT HEAD
😭 you slipped cocaine in there like it’s regular degular
Whaaatttt 😂😂☠️
Thread of Capricorns who own my heart 💞💞
I don't regret falling for you, fools golddd 💛
Niggas be so drunk and don’t even give af 😂.
Mood for EP dropping tomorrow ! 🤪 3|16
We have signed punter Dustin Colquitt. ➡️
When you first meet me I’m nice asf, then once you get to really know me 😈
Agriculture 🌽 is Nigeria’s top employer, but banks are still lending a disproportionate amount to oil and gas ⛽️ …
Argentina los amo 💜😭💜😭 Lollapalooza tomorrow!!!
Lord I need you to wrap your arms around me, and tell me that everything me gonna be alright ... Make me over again😩
NP On Top Your Matter - // with &amp;  🚀🎚️
🔛Reply to this tweet with "if" and follow everyone who likes you tweet🔙  ♻️ loading..🔛  ♻️ loading..🔛…
about to shower, lay down and watch movies w/ son .. i'm exhausted 😫
Lord we were busy today 🙄
🌟ARMY LEVEL UP CHALLENGE pt.3🌟 🔒 600 RETWEETS &amp; 300 REPLIES in less than 1 HOUR 🔒 Reply with:  &amp; don't f…
⬇Bang with Me at ⬇ ▶🌶⬅💫 porn Girls sex Offshore xxx Maiko tinder nsfw exhibitionist video bizarr…
😂😂😂 oh my word that's awful but kinda funny at the same time
Thank God for letting me wake up another day 🙏🏼
Travis Scott really my favorite rapper and I was out there getting revived by that dude... he was asking me for bandaids 😂😂😂😂…
RT if you woke up like 💪
shame🐯
empathy album scans ♡ © the winter of 1997
Turn up the 🔈 player and 70th ranked player in the world smashing it…
Looking at this  hashtag and I just can’t believe they walked out the salon with some of those nails🤦🏻‍♀️
Watch 💘  HelixStudios 💘 Twink Videos on ▶️ ◀️ Also visit Euroboys on [
empathy album scans ♡ © the winter of 1997
stream Delicate ❤️
I LOVE YOU MK 🤤🤤🤤
Gracias por seguirme Estaremos en contacto :) - 🚀Grow your followers, insight by
G.night 🌙
joining yer man for his two sold out shows in glasgow this Sunday &amp; Monday!! 🌶🕺🏻🌶 x
You just gotta trust yourself baby 💕
Envy walked off his own show? 🤣🤣🔥.... Amazing marketing! The Viceland x iHeart promo machine working overtime.... Desus &amp;…
'2nd ALBUM :  FAN-SIGNING EVENT in JAMSIL More photos ⬇️
&amp; you are still the BADDEST😍
i lov you 💕 i’m going to try and make it to london for libby’s birthday so hopefully i’ll see you then, i miss u
14 years ago today, Beyoncé dropped ‘Naughty Girl’ 💕
OH MY FUCK🤣
Yes i am 😌
I know 😏😏
Team SA on their way to Chlef, Algeria. Goodluck to all the athletes. Do your best and make SA proud 🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦 📸
Too cute for words! 🐱🐠💕 Credit: IG (_archange_)
[‼️] ReUPDATE: The previous tweet regarding SC was written out of anger. The account apologises, says that SC did not ment…
Where are we going? Where do we go? 🎶
Wow! thank you!😄👍
People really defending her. 😂 Now if this was the other way around y’all would be saying “niggas ain’t shit” “men are tras…
Hays 😫
⭐ Hot AngeL ✴ Just For BokinG ✏ Jakarta 👑 : 👑 :
Thank you for a great season. ❤️💙 Good luck in your NBA career.
I feel u 😂
Beep beep give queer ppl ur $$ 🤑 buy our work, go to our shows, hire us for jobs, give us tips IT’S GOOD LUCK TO DO…
sheann828 100 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 100 people.
Follow everyone that retweets this 🐯
Whats wrong with KFC these days?  ? 🤢😷
📊  stats update for Favorite Breakout Artist: FavBreakoutArtistCamilaCabello - 1.56M  -…
🚨 RT this for your ONE VOTE PER DAY on Kids Choice Awards! 🚨 —  —  — ⚠️ Also vote 100 times…
got me walking around like I’m the shit 😂
For us to be Successful we go through difficult things or challenges 💔♥😊
I have changed my mind. I am willing to take a pay cut Whatever helps the team. Now make some more moves  😂😂…
Hurray 🕺🕺🕺
group selfie 😁 🎥 _one.pete_
😱 There is only one Olympic Rings sunglasses collection like this in the world!They were autographed by the IOC President Tho…
That's exactly what he is.A Champion 4ever!!!💖
Idk about you but im just ready for some fucking warm weather plz... thats all 😩
Follow my on instagram for nudes! RT when done 💗
closures 😍
🇺🇸No One Who Fights For This County Should EVER Have To Fight For A Job,A Roof Over Their Heads Or The Care They Need When…
Repeat after me: God isn’t finished with me yet 👑
Hurry, put that playoff ticket deposit in 👌🔥
dawg someone come get this nigga 💀
Remember that little girl who farted &amp; tried to play it off as a ghost 😂💀
You’re clearly unaware that he’s anti Israel and pro Palestine 😁 Silly Gal.
Worse than ever at the moment 🙃
Your videos keep me positive and calm through these hard times. I love what you do and wouldn't change a thing 💟🌼🌷
Me and we’re about to dip last year because the rain was so cold 😂
Thanks for the love, 🙏
Ya Allah grant me a husband that can control his anger🙏🏽
Umm if i see a snake, I’m running PERIOD 😭😭😂
💰💰 50,000 Coin Giveaway 💰💰 Follow + Retweet Tag a buddy Try out 1 Hour
💦  TIME 💦 FLW/RT and comment with the Hashtag  for the chance to  1 of 2 £100 B&amp;M vouchers, thanks t…
Welcome My Annan 👏👏👏
😘 Go where…
Its delicious 😋
follow + rt to win a HC Bling Toilet .com only ends in 24 hrs 🚽✨
🔴 LIVE on -
Started from the bottom now we're here 😇 We made it.
ONE OF MY FAVOURITE TAEKOOK MOMENT! 🐯🐰❤💕👬🌈😘😍
how many of you’ll are from texas and are not fine ?? bc same 🙋🏻‍♀️
nuble performing beautiful ghost means... bboy jonghyun is back???! 😭😭😭
🚨If you receive a package that you are not expecting or looks suspicious, DO NOT open it, call 911 immediately. RT- Help…
Ion know why y’all acting like he faithful too .. shit i fucked him while he was with her 🙄
True, it's a great drawing either way due to how hilarious it turned out 😂
Me when my Babe in Paradise palette comes in the mail tomorrow 🌺🌴
follow &amp; retweet ❤👠❤👠❤👠❤👠❤👠
And it’s 666, evil bitches want my mentions 🤪😎🎶
Need a Lil Biddy For Tonight Lemem Check My Options🤷🏽‍♂️
🤘🏻  ... 🤘🏻Fire Fire (Live) -  🤘🏻 🤘🏻 🤘🏻 🤘🏻 🤘🏻
RT if you're Nigerian Im Following all RTs💯 🇳🇬🇳🇬🇳🇬🇳🇬🇳🇬🇳🇬   🇰🇪
😩 lord please let this lil boy out of my side😭😭
1, a baby girl 😍😍
This is true. ‼️‼️ Mr Hogg, and the other young people need to brush up on their America History. The REAL History not w…
That's some teamwork 😂
WELCOME BACK JORDAN BELL! 🔥🔥🔥
🎉BTS LY Sweatshirt Giveaway!🎉  •Retweet •MBF •Ends on May 10 Choose only 1 from the pictures below👇 Goodluck!💞 https…
HEY I LOVE YOU SM TOO !💞
this is the one time I dont agree freedom 🙄😂
I’d rather stay home🤷🏼‍♀️
I’m sced to go to Miami for spring break na. The vultures are out. 🤣
shots of the  captured by  Crime Scene/Aviation Unit 🚁
🎶" Trainee da Big Hit"🎤 -Parte 40 (2) -Comente e Cite! -Ely
Surprise! I’ll be a EForest BOTH weekends now and I couldn’t be more excited!!!!! Been waiting for this for a long time 😍…
Great show today! Fantastic insight on the  election, and nobody talks  better than Dan! Don’t miss it👇 https://…
We want 800 retweets for iPhone 8 Plus ⏱⏳
Just when you thought this lad couldn't get any better. 👌 Bobby Firminho brings out my mates birthday cake 🎂. What a gu…
me before i see a dog: 😕 me after i see a dog: 🙂💓💕💖💗🌸💞💞☺️💗💗😍
[👀]      Day 4 Real time chart: 02.00 (KST) Melon 24 🔼 Mnet 3 ➖ Genie 3 🔼 Naver Music…
I JUST FOUND OUT THERES A SUNFLOWER FIELD IN FLORIDA THAT OPENS IN MAY!!! let's gooooo 🌻
now that's a happy donkey 😊
❄️The Surgeon who operated on himself!
Tweeting this video so I never lose it 🤣
BIG DICK GOOD...MY DICK BETTER👑😝
genuinely cannot remember the last time I never woke up during the night less than 3 times 😢 just want one good nights s…
When you waiting for your crush to FaceTime you but it's your boyfriend calling 😂
Happy birthday👍🍻 I wish you🤔 the form you started the there with👍 Get fit and strong and smash them the way…
New piercings ✨
The moment Dongho robs my heart!!!! 😌
I am totally obsessed with I don’t really like reality TV usually but these guys are just so....😍😍😍
HANNO AGGIUNTO GOGO SU SUPERSTAR BTS me lo sentivOOOO THE OBLY SONG THAT MAKES ME THE HAPPIEST 💜💜💜💜💜💛💛💛
Amen !!! You wish you were cancelled too 😂   numero ono
🤷🏻‍♂️ Confused about MAY and MIGHT? 🤔 via 👈🏻👩🏻‍💻  …
That “other ship” could never. THIS IS CHEMISTRY 🔥
I just wrote the song that’s not going to make my life regular anymore....i’m outta here 🚀
This somebody's girl rn at south beach 😂
I can’t wait till my sister moves to her new house cause guess who got her own room there 😝 THIS BITCHHH
OH GOD SHE APPROVED FOR TRANSLATION! 💜💜 Trans in the thread ☺️
Nothing like ole’ girl 🥀
Why you running? Your supposed to FLY!🦄🐳
FACTS ⚾️💙
Jason hit that one on the nail! Her millionaire will become a poor man soon.😂 That’s ok let her mov…
🗡🚨 FN ★ KARAMBIT FADE ★ GIVEAWAY 🚨🗡 To win: ✔️ Retweet ✔️ Follow: ✔️ Follow: ✔️ Visit…
Good Night! 😉
so made the decision to finally follow you, new here what happens now 🙈
Where is this I miss him ☺️
Saliva? I beg to differ... he looks like he swallows.😳
Chase the winter blues away with a Sexy Romance! Wine optional, but recommended! 👠💋🍷
Everybody gets what they deserve, one way or another 🙏
Patience is a virtue... in all aspects of life... choose to be happy😀.
Have you seen my review on the X highlighter?!😍✨
Me @ you!!! 💖 the feeling is mutual
July 1st POWER IS BACK‼️‼️who’s ready???!??! 🙋🏽‍♀️
Happy birthday perra, tqm guey ❤️
Yeaaaaaah!!! 😁😂😉😀😃😆😎😍 (👈 Is that too much?)
Safein 🔑 Whitelisting &amp; Pre-ICO Announcement 📢 Read our latest article on Medium👇 ||
Good morning, I love Sungjong ❤️
DJ Envy 🤔
🔥 CLICK FOR FULL VIDEO 🔥••► 🔥••► 🔥••► …
Retweet to Bless Someone's TL 😍
📲| davidbrazil via InstaStories.
Yawning then proceeds to jam out when the rap part came out 😭💕💕💕
So disrespectful. 😆
GOT7 Official Twitter account hits 5M followers. Congrats 👑🎊 7M followers will happen soon. 💚
Switch on for Gogglebox now as the new advert I'm in is gonna be on the first ad break.. ✊🏾💥
Deadpool never gets old 👌
May Your Faith In God Bring Peace To Your Heart This Good Friday And Always. God Bless ✝️
Taehyun's reply to Hyunbin's tweet from a while ago: "Indeed you're overflowing with handsome-ness 😍😍" He replied this…
Both written by the same people so.. makes sense. 🤭
Nobody in dis Nation got wat i got an Dats Factz hytb💯 Im selfish🖕🏽😴😴💪🏽💪🏽
【🔥Fandango MV解禁🔥】 4/25 RELEASE 5th Single『Fandango』 3/30 4:00 MV解禁‼️ Coming soon…   …
Abel literally took it back to 2012-2012 for the people, bc the streets been asking 🔥🔥
New  coming in under 6 hours 😱❤️
Maknae line killing us with their visuals 😭😭😭
FELLOWSHIP 💃🏽🕺🏾 🇭🇹🇯🇲🇧🇸🇧🇧🇹🇹🇻🇮🇧🇧🇦🇬🇩🇴🇩🇲🇬🇩🇬🇾🇲🇶🇵🇷🇱🇨🇰🇳🇻🇨🇱🇾
This magazine rack really has it all! Pope Pius XI tribute ✔️ Guide to all 31 Elvis movies ✔️ 96 pages of Saudi pr…
💄 The Best Free 18+ Dating Site 💋 Get your Fuck Buddy Now ! Click ➤ Click ➤ …
35,000 FOLLOWERS ❣️🎉🐶 i created this account the day jungwoo was announced into SRB17 which was on 170418 and it make…
It’s  time 🐣 has helped us put together this Easter basket for your  off weekend. How to win👇 1️⃣…
only different color you get on your toes is white, thats law 👎🏻
Update: I got a cold one 🍻
MaYeni is LEADERSHIP. my LOVE for her keeps growing 💕💕💕💕💕
Vertical video for  out now. Only on ✨
Ready for more tattoos 💉
THE INTERACTION WE WERE WAITING FOR FINALLY HAPPENED WANNA ONE DAEHWI HUGGING STRAY KIDS MEMBERS 😭😭 …
i could talk about dresses all day 😂💙
Are you happy today? Miss me? See you tomorrow 😏🤞🏼❤-Lucas
Omg do you remember this 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂👍🏻👍🏻
Please don’t mess with my feelings😔
i used to love belly rubs....now i loveeeee bottyyyy rubs.☺️
This dry ass phone of mine😑
For me 😘♥️🙃🙃🙃😉💕🎊🎉
No one shot for the wave 🙃🙃🙃
She’s still young though but why retire when you could still be in movies 🎥? I would be in movies until I couldn’t…
May those you love always bring love back to you 💗
1..2..3..4..ever💓
Ugly ? 😕
Movie marathon 👀 I miss this!! Time for myself. Yay ♥️
★ 24 Hours Hand Wraps Slaughter Field-Tested GIVEAWAY! 💮 https:…
Thank God, I have lots of awesome friendssssss! 😍💘
baby 🐯💜
I hope everyone has a Blessed Good Friday &amp; a Happy &amp; Blessed Easter 💜🌺🌼🌷🌻🌸💜
A rose between two thorns 😂
Sexy and me fucking this hot bottom 💦
Awww yeah happy Pray For The Wicked Tour pre-sale + on sale day 🎉🎉
🤲🏼🤲🏼 Have a nice vacation, I know U need it 👌🏼👍🏽
Still at it. Still active. | 4️⃣
Pull up ‼️‼️💯
done💕
Blessed🙏🏼💙
The mood in Houston tonight. 🤘
okay jariah stop being petty , you better than that 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
If you a real one you’ll help me out!Everyone rt and like🗣
1: 🐎Retweet this🐎 2: 🐎Like this🐎 3: 🐎Follow all who like and rt this🐎 4: 🐎Follow back all that follow you🐎 5: 🐎Gain foll…
I guess🤷🏽‍♀️
Donuts and Cinnamon Rolls will be available all weekend inshaAllah😌
Have a great weekend 😊
Queen Naija Medicine Video 📽💊
Kuz bringing some madness to shootaround 🔥🔥
⭐️ 🎪F4️⃣F🎪 Follow 🕊
She is so beautiful 🐢
🗣 SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK 🗣
| Harry performing Two Ghosts tonight!  March 30, 2018 • ©️ https:…
Nooo cappp issa wrap✌🏽
Harriet   🐣
My wife😩
Mark is the BEST!👍🏼 💚💚
Had me weak 😂😂
Thank you sugar!! Miss you too ❤️
At The Muslim Family Days in Stockholm! Can’t wait for 👏🏽 Let us know if you’re attending ✨
It was only yesterday I made a small vid showing off my fresh trim, I must admit tho that it came out pretty decent. Otherwise, fat chance 😂
💞Afterdark💞
Our ❤️Feature Of The Day ❤️ is this magnificent coloring done by @ ariarnez(user inside ColorTherapyApp) This was s…
He scores them here, He scores them there, He scores them everywhere! ️⚽️ An analysis of a natural-born goalscorer...
☀️Morning guys ☀️ 🌈TURN MINE AND NOTIFICATIONS ON 🌈GAIN TWEETS WILL START SOON
Come throughhh, weeknd 😫😫
There are way better superhero movies than The Dark Knight. 🤓
I'm so blessed and I can't contain it 😇😇
Aw stop I'm gonna breakdown attempting them 🙃😅
please help me out ❤️
Class of 2018.. 👨🏿‍🎓🔞
Thank goodness this baby is now safe.!!! ... ❤️❤️
This thread 😂💀
Ya tengo Netflix 🙌🏻
Such a Stylish Star you're 🔥 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 Addicted to  💃 I'm just swinging 💃 lo…
Nothing speaks louder than success being built in silence... 🤭🤔
Man I'm so weak at that hit man😂😂😂😂
bitch I said BWW (Buffalo Wild Wings) not BBW 😭
she even went down sexily and came up sexily😂😂😂 what a professional
My emotions were played with at work 😂😩😒
It’s a whole ass Thunderstorm outside and my cousin think he Usher😂
squirrel is so cute ❤️
- LOML❣️💕💘💖💗💓💞💝 - MY WHOLE WORLD💘 - BURRITO💖💖💖💖 i ain’t gotta say anything you know i love you💘💘💘💘
Remember to vote Who should be on the 2018 TIME 100? 👍
Isn't that mostly what Twilight was? 😁
Beetlejuice Beetlejuice turns 30 today 🙌🏼
My lil cousin so beautiful 😍🖤
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show T®🅱💙cyfa.LOB: litt all by
Is  caught between  love story? Harman worried about Saumya in  ▶ht…
retweet this to gain mutuals follow everyone who rts this, make sure to follow back 🐓
Nice 📷 relsimons • Catch is Sat 10-2 at Mcgavock High for the free Community Easter Egg Hunt!…
New cut 🤘💀
It’s ok to have your own opinion 👌🏻🙃 But if it’s different than mine you’re wrong
i can sauté tf out of some kale 😅
bro, are you studying magic? 😂
Beautiful and Sensual  😍😍👯‍♀️
Genting ❤️😭😭
Hair wash day💓
20mins to  🔥
Thugger, future, and rich all on one song 😱🔥
Very Cute 💋
Watching doesn't help make money, only action turns the impossible into possible 😊
Behind the scenes Way back Home part 1 👇     …
My Neck, My Back Lick 👅 My Pu**y &amp; My Crack 👅
HAND TO GOD 😂😂 “what you need that shit for!?!” We really missed out on one of the greatest creations
Thanks to the wonderful 〽️ fans for showing up today!! We CANNOT wait for you to be out in full force tomorrow!
We GRINDING all summer 🗣
Are you happy today? Miss me? See you tomorrow 😏🤞🏼❤-Lucas
What is this strange wet substance coming from my eyes?😢
⚠️ WARNING ⚠️ This man is at every Harry’s concert and with the excuse that he is pushed he touches the fans, please be c…
I’m so obsessed!!! I love you and am so proud!! Can’t wait to hold all of that cuteness😍😭❤️
I hate waking up in a cold house, all of the bones in my body start to hurt 😩
Good guy Mark. 👏🏻
cmon my dudes 😩
Heaven on earth! Switzerland 🇨🇭
When you enter a house on Fortnite with no gun and see somebody with a shotgun 😂
Happy Birthday To JU-NE🌈 I don’t know why but this is so cute🎂✨
I’m doing ok John how about yourself? I heard you went to Egypt 🇪🇬 I’m glad you made it back ok 👍 stop by when you have time
(¯`♥´¯)ⓛⓞⓥⓔ(¯`♥´¯) . ⋱ ⋮ ⋰ . ⋯ ღ ⋯ . . ღ .. ..⋰ ⋮ ⋱ დ♥♥♥❤♥♥♥დ ♥My Best Friend➡ 🍃…
Thank you and love you so much lovely BIGHIT 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻
Oh we got another 😅💪🏼
Just realized that Tina is Chloe, Shelby is Yasmin and I’m Jade from the bratz dolls 😩😂
The Act 2 opening of Priscilla. 💄
Thanks for following me on Twitter I❤️ YOU
thank you😊
LOOOL that's hilarious. I found something similar the other day that had me dying too 😂 https…
Keep calm, you're miracle is coming 😇
Let's assume I'm sleepy, thus leaving 😴😴
He’s not a patch on Josh Murphy though! 🙈
U angel😘 what u creeping for
Me when talking to my new crush now 🤣.
6 months ago he asked me to be his girl.. and I've never been happier😍💫😘💘
It is my birthday💙💙💙💙
Only my child would start dancing whilst skiing 😂
Loooooooool yo Kevin Hart 😂
But there’s nice music and visuals to look at while u wait the extra minute😔
retweet if Zach cute ⚡️
already working on new music 👀
Too Legit 😍😍
My new spirit animal ❣️
⚡️ “BTS HORROR! AU by (Part 2)” por
My son asked as soon as he heard about it. 😊 Seems he thought I might say no. Told him enjo…
I love my Ultrasonic Aroma Diffuser from it has so many benefits ☺️
⭐️🌟🤣🤣 GO SPOCK GO !! 🤣🤣🌟⭐️
RIP Peter Crouch. Cruel way to go. 😂😂😂
Cristiano Ronaldo last six games in all competitions: ⚽️ vs Betis ⚽️⚽️ vs Paris ⚽️⚽️⚽️🎯 vs Real Sociedad ❌ vs Levante ⚽️⚽️ v…
GODS PLAN 😭😭😭😭 You don’t have to be rich to put a smile on someone’s face 🙌🏼🙌🏼
Do it anyway!✍🏻 I dove into writing fanfic as a teenager despite my own English being kind of funny,…
Like for more Mia Khalifa videos😏 "
📷 willdowhatican4myboys:        “YUMMY YUM YUM”       “I WOULD LOVE TO SWALLOW HIS CUM”
- ( 💚 HOPE DAY 💚 👉 HOPE DAY 👈 Mass Tweet / RT the keyword now while voting…
↘️‼️↘️‼️↘️‼️  is matching our rate at the moment. Please Mass Tweet / RT! Consistency needed to increase the gap daily…
my brother 😠
Thank you sweetie💗
- ( 💚 HOPE DAY 💚 👉 HOPE DAY 👈 Mass Tweet / RT the keyword now while voting!…
I mean my next door neighbour is washing his car in the lashing rain that's how much he hates his wife 🤣🤣🤣
lmaooo GODS PLAN 😭😭😭😭 You don’t have to be rich to put a smile on someone’s face 🙌🏼🙌🏼
Literally dying at these reactions 😂😂😂
LMAO I thought I was the only one 😂
Perfection 💋 💙💜 Watch her scene here: 🔞   …
WOAH 😮
Can't wait to see Lebron next year in this building but in the purple and gold 👀
😂 I wish! Love that pic
I’m on ft w rn and she’s making me hungry 😭
The next female to meet my mom or family , we can't break up... We just gone have to go through it 😂💯🙇🏽 FR!
TEAM LEBRON ! 🏀
Cutie😚 cr.OXO_TH
Reyyy 208K tweets 😂🙏👌
My wee baby Beth is something else man 😍❤️
Good morning Britons! 😎 I love my country, it's traditional values and it's flag 🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧 Time to fight back against Sh…
🆘‼🤬🔥  Police in  had to partially block the march of women to the chancellery of  because at var…
Happy Birthday ...wishing you good health wealth n happiness always🤗
: Today a new 🎬video will be uploaded on Instagram with few pictures of a very special place. There is…
Victor Oladipo putting on the black panther mask and then performing like he did was awful representation 🤦🏾‍♂️
Having 10 unread text at 5am is always a heart dropping moment 😅
i wanna be as happy as the sandwich 😪
Sexy Single Girls are looking to have some fun 💦💦 Click Here➡
I’m so happy for you Bogi. You deserved it all🙏🏻
Gain active followers 1. Retweet and like this tweet🔰 2. Follow all retweets and likes🔰 3. Follow everyone who follows…
my man who is not my man is so handsome 😕
Gray hair or Black hair on Jimin? Choose one and vote with hashtag! 💜    https://…
Real athletes can relate 😂💯
Do you think this is fair?!? 🤔
Keep vote, Keep RT, Keep EXO 💕
puppy eyes 👀👀
The truth is not necessarily visible, and that looks not necessarily true.♥❤
Onew’s shoes are so bright and reflective even with all the lights off i can see his feet moving around all the way from here 😂
Thanks for the love on my 17th birthday 🙏🏻 Photo by
Supah thanks to Coach Babes. 💖
[ iHeart: Best Fan Army] Day 39 ↗️🔥 Report for accumulated Tweets + RTs for
WOW HE'S SUCH A BABY BOY PLS PROTECT 😣😭😭❤💘💟💝
Guess the MV.. And who is this..😄 Rt and reply with use the hashtag
Follow spree time peep my next tweet😬
Let's help our Indonesian Armys! You know what to do! 💜    …
Today’s goal is 8,500RT!! We can do it together💫seven    EXO 엑소
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO  🎉 WE💚YOU 🎁
Mr Sian Massey-Ellis 😂 what a linesman she is..
BRO THEY'RE COMING! 🔥 NCT U drops MV for their new song 'BOSS', watch it here: 💕 http…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO  🎉 WE💚YOU 🎁
"He's a pit rat"😂💀
still no arab servers 😡
LOL why didn’t I tell you guys I was a  a long time ago 🤨
📺 | Flo Kamberi also spoke to Hibs TV following the 2-0 win against Aberdeen, where he scored the second goal of his loan…
This girl is on fire 🔥
You ever be on the phone with somebody and just hang the fuck up outta nowhere 😂 like “I’m not tryna be on the phone no mo…
👀 Look what I found at a random newsstand in LA.
Steph is so unbothered 😂
🚨 RETWEETS = VOTES 🚨
Who else slept on 👀 ?
🔥12,000 FIFA POINT GIVEAWAY🔥 To enter👇 • Retweet • Follow &amp; 🎉Winner announced 18th Feb🎉…
In his defense he had injury problems, the same with every mariners player last year😭
what kind of tweet is this😂
RIP Peter Crouch. Cruel way to go. 😂😂😂
i don’t believe that anybody feels the way i do about you now 🔥🖤
Expected to make over 300 million globally by Monday ✊🏾
RT: Country Club of Fairfax 🏌 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
I knooooo she didn't just "clean" the chicken with tissue 😭
🚫 decreased ths gap for a few hours last night!🚫 💫Right now is the time to make it up! KEEP VOTING LIKE THIS!💫 1. BT…
Often underestimated- of   Tower Come to 🗼…
yeah.. me too🙄
READ FULL STORY HERE: 🚨🚨 NEEDS OUT NOW 🚨🚨 Regrann from - 🚨Orlando, Florida 🚨
✨ Follow and Gain by hitting Like or Retweet
a night like this ❤️❤️❤️
Time for Pakistan 😍😍😍
When I’m bored on a Saturday evening. 😸
You left no stone unturned..you're doing amazing 👏
Bro....that long pause when they showed the sketch....😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
When your eyebrows are itchy 😂 I know for a fact I’m not the only one who “scratches” like this when you got makeup on ht…
yeah bro thanks 😘
1) cut a hole in the box 2) put the junk in that box 3) make her open the box And that's the way you do it 😂😎😂😎😂😎 https:…
💫ROUND 2💫 ➡ARMY! Time to attack!💪  has voted MUCH more votes than us on the past hour❌ 📣📣📣Get this tweet to 800 repl…
A4. As Old As Time, The Hunger Games and ofc, Harry Potter!! 🙌🏼😍
Everything is not perfect in real life 😞😞😞😞
I'm a bipolar tweeter. Sometimes i don't tweet, sometimes i tweet a lot. 😂
Something to brighten your Sunday up with!😅😅
Its nice to be nice😚!
NAVER REAL-TIME SEARCH &amp; TWITTER HASHTAG 👔10PM KST: Mass search 'NCT U' on Naver () 👔11PM KST: Mass…
🇯🇵   FS  202.73 (306.90)    "I tried…
I’ll never tire of this gorilla forgetting his wallet on the way to the pub 😂
I really want the mug 😢😢😢
Offset’s new chain is CRAZY 💎🏚
so fcking precious 💕💗💖💝💞💟💓💗💕💞💖💟💓💝💗💕💗💝
I wanna do something tomorrow 😭
My scene release is getting closer and closer. 😁
It was gossip galore in last night's show, and the words stung for some! Match the quote to the team member in our quiz 👇h…
The real deception is journalists™ passing along information to the consumer that is not itself true. That’s why it’s i…
Doggy lead hooks 🐾 A couple of gorgeous new colours ❤️ Can be personalised with your doggy’s name &amp; fully wall mountable…
Y’all SPOKE! The winner was Jaclyn! I tried following a Jaclyn hill makeup tutorial!!!!! Omg this was way too funny 😂😂 htt…
ALYSSA BB YOU WANT POPPED OFF😤❤️
17 people died... and somehow you still made it about you... 🤦🏼‍♂️
Pisces season begins tomorrow! 🧜🏻‍♀️ ...Birtday, on deck 😌
All in public wit it 😂
📣 I M P O R T A N T ! • Always double check the tweets before Retweeting ! • Let's do our job in a clean way • Rem…
dedication 😍
They smoking crack and all wtf 😭
just really giving out all my cents to yukhei he nailed his parts 😭👏🏼👏🏼  welcome to my life, i mean, nct https:/…
A school shooting leads to this🤦🏽‍♂️lmao yes more gunes in school means easier life. Why didn't we think about this…
I don’t have a type, i just have a vibe and if we fw each other’s vibes it can be sum 🌺
Happy Sunshine Day 🌻☀️🌻
Thanks gal lysm❤️❤️xx
Happy birthday my little prince🌙
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show Suzanne_innocent:
Tababoy.🐽💕 — feeling loved
2019 PG Jachai Walker finished the regualr season shooting 56% from 3!🔥
i need friend's😴😤
if i want you, don’t worry about who wants me 🙄
NIGHT NURSEEEE🎶
Que drible! 👏😎
Stay Tuned . . Tomorrow pm 👻
happy birthday syd!! wishing u the best day xo💞
🏆 1⃣LIKE and RETWEET this⏰ 2⃣FOLLOW all that LIKE &amp; RETWEET👣 3⃣FOLLOW back all that FOLLOW you🦄 4⃣G…
Please VOTE ‘Celina Lina’ Female R&amp;B Artist OTY 💚💚
I’m gonna try this 1 more time.. I HAVE BEEN BUSTING MY ASS DOING THESE SHOES 😭 TWITTER HELP ME OUT ‼️ you don’t know how m…
a family can have a Tswana surname but some speak Zulu and some speak Xhosa 🤷🏾‍♂️ …
GODS PLAN 😭😭😭😭 You don’t have to be rich to put a smile on someone’s face 🙌🏼🙌🏼
Omg I’m crying😂😭😂
i thought i was the only one 😂
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (1:45am - 2:45am) 1. BTSARMY - 404.1K+ ↘️…
WHAT? 🤖
I spoil myself so much because I have no one else to spoil me 🤷🏽‍♀️
😢😢😢😩 This is why women can’t and shouldn’t trust us! I hope this bastard gets EXACTLY what he deserves!!
seventeen na ako ☹️ HAHAHAHAHA miss you kamssss, I love you and thank you!!!!
[TRANS] 140101 IU Shares Her Thoughts on Figure Skater Kim Yuna’s Retirement ❄️  …
I'm living a private    🤣
Ask yourself if what you’re doing today is getting closer to where you want to be tomorrow. Good Morning EXO-Ls! 🤗
These sliders have an unexpected twist for the bun... 😍
You're my favorite worship leader ❤❤ Happy Sunday, everyone! May God always bless you 😇
In a better place in life and i love it❤️
rt this to gain namjoon stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 👅
Stay Lit? Easy enough. Hahah Thanks Fam!!! 🔥
I swear every time I watch the movie Pearl Harbor I get so many feels. DANNNNYYY 😭
Lasing😂
Guruji has commenced these much-needed welfare reforms targeting towards👉women empowerment,be it is prostitute rehabilita…
🎊🎉 300.000 FOLLOWERS GIVEAWAY 🎉🎊 TO ENTER: 🎀 RETWEET &amp; FOLLOW US 🎀 ADD  TO YOUR BIO 🎀 VISIT …
OMG SAME 😟
💙❤️PussySyndicate🖤❤️ 💚🖤 💙❤️ 💚🖤 💙❤️ 💚🖤 💙❤️ 💚🖤
It was gooooood 👌🏼
Collection 1337 👠 ❤️ Salena Storm ❤️ Scene : Look Hose on the Table. Shoot Location: Los Angeles 🇺🇸 Website ➡️ https://…
Listen To This📻Music 🎶🎤More of You by Femi Fash (   Check It Out, Listen🎧 to it and…
Where should I film today? Both meaning sometime this week they’ll both happen🤔
Yet to meet someone who can vibe wit me😴🤷🏾‍♂️
Dhoni to pandya - Short ball mat dal. Next ball wicket. 🙏🙏🙏
That isn’t just any “her”..... that’s Melanie Fiona. Put some respeck on her name 😂
💛💛💛 - ok you just mad cute lol
🎶 Come on, vogue Let your body move to the music (move to the music)🎶
[⚠️] iHeart Vote 2:    - (
We love a  queen!💃🏽👑❄️
these bitches fye 😩😩😩
Who’s your twice bias? Pt.1 Adorable queens!!! 😭💕
Everything’s better when we’re together 🤪❤️🤞🏽
🇮🇳If You Want Followers🇮🇳 🇮🇳Like This❤ 🇮🇳Retweet This❤ 🇮🇳Follow All Who RT Like❤ 🇮🇳Followback Everyone❤ 🇮🇳Gain Followers…
“ iMa cHoKe yOu” .. okaaay and ima like it tf 😂
Welcome Army hahaha💚HOPE DAY💚 😘
Congratulations to Guillermo del Toro, winner of Director for The Shape of Water 🌊
Congratulations to all of tonight's winners 👏👏👏 check out the full list on our website  https:/…
Tap through and watch LIVE!👇
A little late, but never forgotten! Happy birthday  We hope your birthday was amazing 💜💜 - 👑
Can you believe that’s not any of her hair 🙀😏 frontal install so flawless 😍 got my girl together…
Donovan Mitchell talks about why involving his sister in the dunk contest was so important ❤️😭 (📹: …
TGLC never disappoints! 🙀💛🖤
flash giveaway ⚡️ RT TO WIN one colourpop super shock shadow or pressed powder shadow! mbf me ( …
that’s so fucking awesome 😭😻 good for her 💞💓 strong ass woman right there
Why can't she still be called Kate? 🙄🙄🙄🙄
Hahaha i know i know 😁😁
Because I didn’t expect it 😭💖
Love you my friend. Stay strong ❤️
Your Soul Will Be Pulled To The Place It Belongs... Undeniable.. Love You  ❤️
Raise your hand if you're spending  with your BFF's! ✋🏾👯😍
Victory! 🎉 The  is LAW!! We won!! (Not that that’s important 2 me or anything🥇🥇🥇🥈) MILLIONS of children and a…
Scottie Parents learning about HS Endorsements from  counselors 📚📒
My Relationship Goals 💍 😍 👫 🤘🏽....
Happy Valentine's Day, Reds. 😍
Had to steal this one Ty/Billy/Deep Blue, this that fiyah 🔥🔥🔥  mr_williams1914
You da realest 🥀❤️🥀 I love you
Y’all ... I get so clingy so fast to where I’d get annoying as shit 😴😩 I need to get it together lol
get someone u love get someone u need ✨fuck that, get money✨
I want the hoodie 😍😍 be my Valentine 😂😅😍 please
👤: Has anyone here ever talked to DAY6 YoungK sunbaenim??? I’m curious 👤: We attended the same class so I’ve had a lil conv…
Fav this for a followback! 🌞 V TATA |
Them: Chocolates, flowers, bear, dates etc. Me: 😎🖥️
🚨🚨Boys senior night tonight vs sodus We need this win going into sectionals so everyone come out and support. It’s a b…
Follow everyone that likes and retweet this ❤️💋❤️ Follow👉 💋   💫 TURN MY NOTIFICATION ON T…
I came for the selfie lighting. Productive day with 💪🏻✨📸
The happier she is the nastier she is 😋💁🏻‍♀️
💥Follow
GOT7 aka The Global Idol's Worldwide Awards. PROUD! 👑 🔹MTV EMA 2016 : Best Worldwide Act 🔹MAMA 2016: Worldwide Favorite…
Birthday ❤️15/2
Coasts of Iceland 🇮🇸
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
RT, REPLY, QUOTE: ARMY, are you still voting?☺ [
This is what LOVE looks like❤️❤️❤️. Within my nationwide health coaching practice, 146 NEW…
Praying for Florida 🙏🏽
Really wish I saw rascal flats but I’m not complaining because I’m glad I chose what I did today over them🤩💓
Looks like that Uncle Drew Movie is a go. They got real actors for this 😂 lit.
are back on June 15. 💥 Watch a brand-new sneak peek of  now!
Ordered pizza and it looked like this when I opened it 😂😂😂 may pinagdadaanan yata si delivery guy
"Sorry, DRIVEN movie poster does not ship to Germany" 😭😭😭
In about 2 HOURS we will have our nightly mass voting. Please prepare your accounts and draft your voting tweets! See you👋…
"I'll just leave this here.  fools!💋❤️ I'm not one to celebrate this day but wish those fools a…
ilysm, bless twt &amp; GOT7 for letting me meet you &amp; ty for you making my life 100x better 💜💕💜💕
Happy Valentines Day 😘❤️
you fuckin super villain, kidvicious alter ego 💯
Good news to arsenal fans huh!😀😀
teaching my boy how to use his new phone, look at his reaction when the call went thru 😹😹😹😹
Ana | Night Ops 🌗 Unlike other children, young Fareeha never feared the dark, knowing full-well the dark feared her mother.…
the first one is annoying hr calls and calls like at midnight or early morning 😩
Who’s mans 😂😂
This a lie 😂😭
Hey there! I wish you all a happy  and Valentine's Day too. Have a beautiful day full of love ❤️. An…
😊Bitcoin $8903 (+2,98%) 😊Ethereum $870 (+3,55%) 😊Ripple $1,06 (+3,53%) 😊Bitcoin Cash $1273 (+3,94%) 😊Cardano $0…
Canadian lakes are magical ✨
Copy successful traders automatically with Bitcoin! 💰💰 I copy "Dividend667". Do you? ➡️ …
💌 tap this thread , let me show you how powerful u are
🔜 What's the secret to being the best bottom 🍑? "I don't think it's a secret; you just have to *really* love cock." We c…
im so happy i can spend my valentine’s day with the love of my life! 😍 thank you for everything baby, i’m so glad y…
💞 I ᶫᵒᵛᵉ...
I love this game 😂😄❤️😉
Sharing Honey Sesame Chicken with my honey. 😂😂😂. Getting a tasty bouquet of fried chicken ain’t easy. Just eat it w…
Celebrating post intro exam and Valentine’s Day with a Jane the virgin marathon 😂
Someone just proposed right in front of us at the cathedral here in Berlin. Was so perfect💍
Today ooo, I'll lift up my voice in praise 🎶 🎶
Dammit did a Twitter party while I was asleep 😩
philippians 4:13 🙏🏽
Yall frfr. Plz bless me 😭 TWITTER DO ME SOLID
💌 Dear Galatasaray, We love you. So much. Sincerely, From: Anyone who knows what love is. 💌
Happy Valentine Day 😗😘😙😚
But what if I’m ugly all day? 😕
Good morning ☀️ ✨
facts 😭😭😭
My Secret 💙🔑..
thanks ❤️
ICYMI | Our 2018 Alternate Jersey has been revealed 🖤❤️️💛💚 👉🏼  🐾 …
Happy Valentine's Day  What's your favorite track? 💕
all I wanted is pizza while studying but 🙄
I miss jay. ☹️
RT Last Chance Closes at midnight ... to  Tiger  Follow &amp; Retweet for a chance 🍸🍸 http…
ASHA 🐾💞🏡 🙏PlzRT4 another bubba seeking loving &amp; a home 🐾💞🏡
Who who who? Let me abuse them 😂
GOAL! Adrien Rabiot has given PSG the lead.  ▶️
Happy Valentine’s Day you sexy people ! 😍😘
Boos ya life up 🔥
100 ATMX GIVEAWAY!  Retweet, ❤️&amp; Follow to Enter! Leave wallet address below
Disney💔
Those damn urban kids .... oh wait ...   😳🤬
RT, REPLY, QUOTE: JUNGKOOK COOKY [
Anyone can catch your eye. But it takes someone special to catch your hearth. Happy Valentine's Day! ♥️♥️♥️…
thank you for being you 😌
Retweet if you wanna see where I fuck this cute boys hole 🍌😈
Happy Valentine's Day ❤️
OG All-Stars from the 🏀 courts to the big screen. Watch play  👴🏾 in this NEW teaser trailer, then…
No wings attached, you don’t get fly like this 🔥.
But I still haven't packed my things yet 😅
Cheers to single life 🍻
✨ THE EXOL COLLECTION ✨ This duet is everything. It will make gasp in awe everytime 😉💞
Preview 20180214 GAONCHART S E X Y I saw that 🤭        https:/…
Pretty sure Valentine’s Day is for the boys 🧐
What’s the point of arguing going back in forth with you when you not on my level🤨❓❓
New 550hp $618k+  Stratos is already 50% sold out 😍😍
im so hungry 🤕🤕
army, follow who retweet this 🦊
I get home at 11:45pm and Dad’s like, “where have you been? It’s late!” Ladies and gentlemen, I’m turning 25 in 4 months. 😅🤦🏻‍♀️
Happy Valentine's Day  What's your favorite track? 💕
📷 thenamenoonetook:
she didn’t deserve you anyway king 🤴🏾
i use this 😔 emoji too much
Banality of evil. Clinton just didn't care 👇
Lmao im so jelly , ill have you wax me sometime 💀
🛑STOP🛑... in the naaaame of Season 4! Part 1 streams May 30th!
Roses are rad, Violets are too, I love and appreciate gardening, I don’t need you. ❤️
Happy Valentine's day J ❤️
Warm-up time. 30mins until KO. 👊 Let’s hear those score predictions, Reds...
never seen this before: Salon now offers to "suppress ads" if you lease out your PC's "unused computing power" 🤔 https:…
Happy valentine’s day for my everyday valentine ❤️ Love you so much ⭐️
The ‘Heart-Shaped Box’ cocktail, though … 😍
And some extras.❤️
😁😁😁😁😁 back to this great series
🔥 GA FOR INDIAN ERIS 🔥 📍 3000 Replies 📍 1000 RTs 📍Time : 2 hours ⏳ 📍 Keyword : EXO 📍Turn on your location 📍 o…
Blah blah blah... Is Justin Ferris, our helmsman and sail trimmer, losing it onboard  🤪🤔 …
170804 ICN AIR   my cool boy Happy Valentine's day 💕    https://…
24 Hour ★ Gut Knife | Marble Fade Giveaway! To win you must! ⚡ ⚡ Ta…
This picture is to die for 😜
Need😍
UPDATE: [IHEARTAWARDS VOTE RATE] For ‘BTSARMY’ in 1 hour: Tweets: 1,001,600M+ ⬆️🔥 Retweets; 927,500k+ ⬆️ Replies: 19,90…
Day 14. Drinking. 💦💦💦
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show IN🇮🇳MALHOTRA:
former RB 😘😘😘
Pizza King👑 •7• 🔗
We ❤️‍ YOU, our
My prayers are with the families in Florida 🙏🏻
Why you do me like that 😂
Thankyou soooooo mucccchhhh for likinG my Tweets😍 got 2Precious likes from AB😝😝😘😘aaj ki epi Dekke I was sa…
good morning😁
"let me see what you have.." "a knife" "NOOOOOO" 😂😂😂
I’ve definitely learned my lesson 👌🏾
This Thumbnail Not All That😒😒 But Rate 1-10😩😍
Taylor can sing : A thread 1. ⭕ Unheard Vocals from Shake it off :
Hate when I’m trying to see what someone looks like but all they have is gifs &amp; memes 😞
South African data prices make it hard for us to support our YouTube faves 💔
Fav position ❣️
New Keyword : EXO Make sure to choose your Team 😎 💞  💞  💞  💞
💥ENOUGH WITH:    ✅   ARREST THEM OR SHUT THE HELL UP‼️‼️
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY 2 MYSELF❗️  OUT NOW WATS YO FAVORITE SONG SO FAR⁉️ https://t.…
How to start your Valentine’s Day... 😍
[PIC/PRESS] 180214 7th Gaon Chart Music Awards 2017: Red Carpet -     🔗 …
And me! 💓
Aron ♀ Metal Claw/Iron Head (IV: 87% - CP: 879 - L: 26 until 05:57:58am.
See you in 12 days Philippines! 🇵🇭 RT &amp; I’ll do a HUGE Meet &amp; Greet 🙌🏼
i love you... i love you enough for the both of us 😙
BEST VALENTINE'S GIFT!!!!! 💚💚💚💚 CONGRATS DLSU LADY SPIKERS!!!!!! 💚💚💚💚
But for whatever reason I always end up making him something😂🙆‍♀️ I just cant help it😂
Hot damn... Pure 🔥 🔥🔥 Beat- you put your foot in this! Lyrics and flow ..yasss ! Get these fra…
Pdogg received Composer of the Year award at Gaon Music Chart Awards. 👏 BigHit does not only have talented artists in BTS…
|    | JUNGKOOK COOKY PARK JIMIN CHIMMY 🐶
10,000 Hours later 🕙…... Listen now!
When today is literally hump day 😂
Happy Valentine’s Day everyone 💜
What about We that don't have boyfriend 🙃
Follow everyone who LIKES this🏁✅
congratulations pdogg and everyone involved !! 🎉
That she does 😀
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this🏁✅
Happy Valentine's Day, Bikini Bottom! ❤️
Bruh...I love this app so much 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Rappers use to come from the hood, now they crawling up from hell😭
pretty in real life.💋💋💋
Did she brought these balloon everywhere she went? 😩 her pictures are stunning.
[❤🇫🇷 MASS VOTE 🇫🇷❤] MemeKook? Jungshook ? JK fait parti des memes vivantes 😄😂💛🐰 Quels sont vos fav Aller et un petit RT…
Life hack: give up religion for lent 😉
🎁Five-Seven | Monkey Business Giveaway ($7)🎁 ✅ Retweet + Like ✅ Follow me &amp; 🔥Ends in 48 hours 🔥 …
Congratulations again telah memenangkan Album of the Year 3rd quarter dengan LOVE YOURSELF:HER!🎉🎊 We're proud of you,…
😘 According to me…
Happy sweet 16 to the funniest twins i know thank you for endless laughs and memories!! Love you pretty girls💜
Happy Valentine❤️ tonight gonna watch  Meow~ ~one of my art in my Artbook :)    https…
my dad called to give me a pep talk and said “but honey you’re a per-serv-er” ...he meant I persevere lol the thought that counts tho ✊🏼💙
To all of my beautiful, wonderful, amazing Wigglesworthians... Happy Valentine's Day. ❤️❤️
ARMY FAQs: 💬 Why is mentioning important? 👉 Twitter mentions is one of the basis for Top Social Artist, along…
❤️Valentine’s Day feels❤️ Our 17th and counting...
when it feels so good but it’s bad for you 💔
valentine’s day follow spree cause uuu all my valentines💘
will have handshake 🤝 fan meetings in Japan 🇯🇵 to celebrate the third Japanese full Album “FACE YOURSELF” which wil…
NAKED SOMEWHERE in... (VACAY Vlog) IS NOW UP ON MY CHANNEL! 😘😜
When the joke is highkey funny but lowkey hurt your feelings 😭
⇨ ⇨ 🎧 100   🎧 ⇦ ⇦ 100 WINNERS! I have teamed up with bestselling authors,
The first official workout for pitchers and catchers. ✅
“Im Not Leaving” 👌🏼📄🖊 Behind The Scenes With At Ibrox Today  …
🏢 PANTRA 🇦🇼 Aruba 🎯 1.a.\tto invest its assets in securities, such as shares and other certificates of particip… 📒
⏬ watch ⏬ hentai porn butt amazing fetish fullhd bigcock bigdicktightpussy bigass xxx sex nsfw
Doggy 😊😊
Make sure ha nigga stay full with them food stamps 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
Damn man, you buggg🙄
Another day another chance to get Mic Drop Remix back onto ARMYs 💪! Vancouver fans have been waiti…
Ever Get Some Head &amp; Had To Look Down Like NAAAA WHO TAUGHT U THAT? 😩😩😭
On some real shit the next person that plays with my feelings Ima slap the spit out your mouth💯
thank you wayree 🤧💗
😂😂 you nasty Tu
The moment they here that they fucked up the core booster 😂😂.
Congratulations Jack! 💕x
Hes not babe if he doesnt show you off ❤️
Wearing no bra with a big ass T-shirt is everything 🤤
Are you a sleepyhead? Always feeling the need to take a nap every time? Say no more.....🤣
Alternate Arowana Rainmaker glitch route, I did it first try so it's not that hard 😮 (Found by Splashink 22) …
My safe haven ❤
yaz when a person suddenly changes their profile picture a lot, you know there’s definitely new stocko on the chatlist 🔥
take care of yourself and don't worry too much. Take your time and get some rest. Babyz love you.💚
FACT: Mike Dean has now shown more Red Cards...than any club has ever received. 😳🤦‍♂️ 👤 Mike Dean: 89 🔵 Everton:…
Yes ma’am!! Love you so so much 😭💓
Hahahah together forever hahhaa 😂😂
Preliminary Understanding For   🤓 FIRST TIME EVER SEEN! Supercell Continuous Fiber Opt…
NEW Weapons we'd like to see arrive in Fortnite Battle Royale!   ✅ Famas ✅ Flamethrower…
[🚨] iHeart Vote 2:    -
• • • 🧟‍♂️🧟‍♂️🧟‍♂️  twitter: snapchat:…
LizQuen delivers 'Bagani' sneak peek at Just Love Trade Event Watch Full Clip Here 👇
[ Korean Music Awards 2018 ] 🌟 Best Pop Song: DNA 🌟 Best Pop Album: Love Yourself: Her 🌟 Song of The Year: DN…
[🗳️] JIMIN DAY →    -
my longest uwu ever 😭😭😭
height difference is one of the 4 and 61's thing 💕
Nbs It is We got too many sooooo I'm Stick too This one 😭😭
and  For FEMALE SUPREMACY 😍😍
Hey, scroll down 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 🌔 🌕 🌖 🌗 🌘 🌑 🌒 🌓 RT o…
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this✅🎊
A very pleasant meeting with Giant Network!!🎉🎉
Enjoy❤️
Once I’m mad I ain’t tryna hear shit u gotta say🤷🏾‍♂️
Kyuhyun went to watch musical! Miss youuu 😭
Create more accounts Fam if you can 😊 how about 7 since Bangtan is 7 💪🏻 TAEHYUNG DAY
PHOTOS OF PUPPIES TAKEN WITH A FISH-EYE LENS 😍😩
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🐱
A followback?🌹
I'm in love with these relationship bracelets from 😍😇❤️
when it was “Playhouse Disney” not “Disney Jr.” 🙄
aaand i have a physical original of this 😅👍
I should’ve filled taxes could’ve been busting 9/10 bands 🤦🏽‍♀️
Posted it to hedge end this morning so hopefully get it tomorrow or Thursday. 💚
❝ My arms are open, and also my heart - only for you. ❞  💚
Im going to watch it now.. 😋 TAEHYUNG DAY
🌎 Retweet 🌎 Like 👉 Follow       https…
Nancy Pelosi is the gift 🎁 that keeps giving.
Ready. Set. Jump! The universe will catch you 💗🤛
I don’t be liking nobody it’s rare that I like a mf for real😂
I’ll rather say more like south Ga is... We really bout that action!📍
Listen im the reason you got added dont test me Jk ily 😂😂😂💙💙💙
my new favorite video on the internet 😂
Wow..... absolutely murdering those adlibs. 🤣
Honestly, this is when i knew the  were gonna win the game. 🤷🏾‍♂️
🌱✨🌱✨🌱✨🌱✨🌱✨🌱✨🌱 daily affirmation: I am the caretaker of my inner garden; I will plant seeds of optimism, active hope, love,…
Woahhhh I’m so f*cking corny 😅🤧
“you a dime he needs to stop messing with pennies” - Lindsay 🤭
iKON Creates Choreography for ‘RHYTHM TA X Heart Shaker’ in ‘Weekly Idol’ 🔗
I’m gonna try not to spend it all but I deserve nice things 😂😂
1: TURN my notifications ON to GAIN 🌸 2: Retweet this fast💐 3:Reply with "IFB"🌻 4:Follow everyone who Fo…
Bling blinggggggg...thats what im listening to now 😅 TAEHYUNG DAY
Art is bigger than life🐍
👸 TeamGoddess 👸
Not my best moment 😂😂😂😂....At least I was smart enough to drop the mic and get the hell out of there 😂😂😂😂
please check out on Twitter and insta! they are a black owned &amp; cruelty free business 💖
🌹 STRANGER THINGS 🌹 This show is so amazing and steve is definitely one of the most amazing and heartwarming human…
the goods are arrived ，so thanks for your hard work😍
with my  ❄️☃️❄️
Mood 🤪
Teide today 😎😁❄️😍😍
I ain't got no time for no games, tell me what you like but it's never gonna change 🎶
ALL THE STARS 🎥
First RT ▶️ 4 random gift 🎉
edc’s line up drops in 10 days 😭💖
Yes, that’s right. I have it all, suckas!!!!!!! 👊👊👊
PRE👏CISE👏LY👏
their reactions when jungkook announced that he'll be giving away his desktop computer 😂 EVERYONE WANTS IT ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ EVEN SEOKJ…
✨ you're worth more than gold
Watching and cleo spend time together 😩🤧😭💕
Saudi Basketball Federation Cup Draw: 🏀  to be hosted by “Al-Wehda” in Makkah on Monday 5 March 2018 within the ro…
_ 🌻👉🏻⓵ Follow Me 🌻👉🏻⓶ Like and Retweet this 🌻👉🏻⓷ Comment “ifb” 🌻👉🏻⓸ Be active for Gain 🌻👉🏻⓹ I Follow Back ❤ 🌻👉🏻⓺ Add
First greeting as 0t18💚thankyou
🕝 It's 21:12 Namjoon Time Share pics of Namjoon 💟with Best Fan Army hashtags💟 On our thread!
Home 🏀
RT: Our specialty is creating Floor Plans 🏘 🏠 🏡 🏙
Start your day off right with some of these hits 🎵🎶🎼
Every night in my dreams I see you💕
I love being babied 💀
gm w'dalol💙
⚠️ Last Chance ⚠️ to Follow RT to  🎁 4 x 20pk Disposable Bibs.  Winner annou…
My photo candles 💕 You send me the photo, baby scan, child's artwork etc and I'll do the rest ☺ DM to order or availab…
🇪🇨 will maintain international protection for Julian
1: Retweet this✅🎊 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet✅🎊 3: Follow back all that follow you✅🎊 4: Gain with  🔥
DAN BROWN FANS, check out these  by British author KEN FRY. 🔖
Ssooo something went missing down below😉 come see? Watch for me live later!! Can’t wait to show you 😝 https:/…
Ooooooohhh reunited finally! 😍😍😍 u miss him that much huh! 😂😊    TAEHYU…
Lmao how cute no se rajo!! 😍🤣
Follow everyone who retweets this🌊
MBC masternim thank u ❤️🙏
thanks 😘
It is a nerve wracking day to be a Raptors fan 😅
Daycares ain’t have to close tho 😂😂
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO MY BOY FOR THIS HEAT 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I salute anybody out here grinding and getting in their bag like be your own boss💪🏾.
100 followers in 3 mins!! RETWEET fast don't miss out 🔥🔥🔥 FOLLOW FAST GAIN FAST ☺ Fast follows only !! Let's GOO 🏁🏁🏁
I Nominate the for favourite viral music artist 😶😘😗😍😗😘😍😗
🏆⚽️ Rearranged dates in the Championship and League 1 👉
Explaining Twitter jokes to a non Twitter user is very very very hard 😭😭😭
A Day 🤓
I’m bout to block all my aunties and “other” cousins on Facebook they forever commenting something on my stuff 😩😩
🤘🤘🤘 the best is yet to come 💕
🍮 Adult film stars look a bit different without makeup 😱
Toke Makinwa is pretty. 😍😍
oh acha phir theek hay 😂😂
Hit me up now to make $3,000 or more 💵💰 No money needed to get started 🏦💰
that nigga from now on omm 🚫🧢
Say it louder fam! 😂
TAEHYUNG DAY 💜 To the existence of my most handsome oppa lol 😂😂 **cringe** big bro.. i mean big bro 💜💜
Nazir love to wake somebody up outta their sleep 😭😭 oh nawl im finna put that play pen up and let his ass sleep in it 😭
I miss 😔😔😔🙏🏾 rest easy baby
Can’t I just be a nurse already 😭 I’m sick of school
My rider ❤️❤️
My baby fever is waving at me like 😍
LMAOO!!! For real! When I would be talking in class, she would yell at you 😂😭😭
YOUR friend business is not your OTHER friend business ‼️‼️
What is with and I getting weird ass taxi drivers that don’t know where they’re going today 😅😅
She does not need so much this Valentines Day, just your love and loyalty. ❤💖
😂😂take whatever measures are necessary to make it to another day
GRACIAS MONTERREY, MEXICO CITY AND GUADALAJARA! 🇲🇽 WE HAD SO MUCH FUN IN YOUR COUNTRY. THANKS FOR THE LOVE.
I’m done 😂💀
(VID) Ghana Chocolate 🍫 X  Making film  คัท ©sweetdanji_ full 👉🔗 …
I'm almost dying inside because I want to see FrancisA personally😭😭😭
I really don’t feel like sitting in this hospital 😒
you miss me 🦁🌿💛
Very encouraging. I also think it will help people to seriously consider Mogg or Boris. 😀
sugar and spice 💖💘
⚠️ iHeart DAILY MASS VOTING MOROCCAN EXO-L retweet/reply here REPLY THE MAX FOR TO WIN WITH US 🔥🔥 CHINA SHEEP
lmfao ME AF 😂😂😂 we on the same boat. when is yours?
y'all: baby fever😍😍😍 my age, my goals and my bank account:
Bumping one of our favorite tracks from 'Flicker' today. 🎶  - Stunning 🎨…
Daddy dropping Da bangazzz in a likke.. Jiggy💥
the amount of live I have for this band is overwhelming sometimes♥
the cat thinks there's an invisible wall to jump over 😿💜
🚂 Brian Terry❤✝🌹 🙏😫 We'll always remember you.
Kendrick Lamar’s ‘All The Stars’ ft SZA just dropped &amp; IT LOOKS BEAUTIFUL 🖤
Cardboard gangsters on Netflix 👏
I actually really enjoyed the movie Happy Death Day 🤷🏻‍♀️ I thought it was gonna be trash but I was dead wrong 😂
Idc what nobody says, if you didn’t go to Madison you have no idea how we really got down. Lit every single day🔥
The rolex, the tatoo, the silky skin 😍😳😥
Just Cuz I Got A Few Rings Doesnt Mean I Wanna Stop All Of A Sudden 🤣. And They Can Pay Them All. The…
Ahhh sorry, but this is fake 😔 I was hyped too
I HASORD UR SO MEANIE 😔
🌟Round 4: completed in 40 minutes🌟 🔥🔥🔥LAST ROUND🔥🔥🔥 📣ROUND 5📣 ➡Get this to 1,500 replies for Best Fan Army in less th…
just thinking about my saturday leg day workout has me dead 🤯
you’re not wrong !!! 😍 I love it there so much lol
Ok I'm sorry for yelling but LOOK AT THESE TWO QTS!!!! ☀️
How’s a lawsuit to YouTube, GoFundMe, and Twitter sound? 👀
It's not polite to stare 😈
Worldwide Apple Music Album 🌎: 88. (+8) - Love Yourself 承 'Her' *peak  for 3 days* — Days: 155 …
Does he make bread rolls?😁
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🐱
Oh my god 😂
I hate craving hot cheetos bc they make me so sick😣
for... The Gambler Kenny Roger via Get your dreams! 🎨Hamish Blakely🇬🇧Gamblers…
Jaclyn Hills Favorites Brush Set. must be following me and to win 💜
Thanks 💯
Don’t say every black person, nigga YOU was in special ed before 😂
🏄🏻‍♀️ What are the 3 colors of KO KO BOP? RT+Reply
🆘 [iHEART MASS VOTING] Alright, I want to see MORE COMMENTS than retweets under this post. If you see that this tweet h…
Please tag we just need a feature with him guys🙏🙏Omunye phezukomunye remix 🇿🇦🇿🇦
he's a fucking animal on stage BULLSHIT is just the song to show that 🔥🔥 i saw that live and i legit went out of my mind https…
📹 white-dicks-in-white-chicks: Alexis Texas &amp; Jules Jordan
Look at their reactions 😂
👑 My Queen👑👑👑 💥 💥 💥 💥 💥 💥 💥
Ladies only 👄 plus some photobombers at the back 😂 📷: camillerellosa
lol I only saw this now, but I love you♥️🤧
I’m ready to pass out😴
🎩 HANDSOME GUY
He Look like Fetty Wap with both eyes 😂
Real looking hot dear😍😍😍
BASEBALL SEASON 😍
Rooting so hard for and  🇺🇸👏
Answer me Now! Why am I losing Followers ⁉️
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (9:15am - 10:15am) 1. BTSARMY - 368.0K+ ↗️…
The only thing better than Alex Trebek quoting rap lyrics is setting it to the original songs. So did that. (🎥:…
Huge  fan ⛸️ also loves  she meet her idols at
I‘m sorry 😂😏
COMING SOON TO HOOD NEAR YOU😆😈💯 w/
WOW!!!! CONGRATS 🤗
☁️Pinole: ♂Hitmontop 95.6% (14/15/14) 1725CP L34 Counter/Close Combat until 04:25:39am (29m 42s)
It is Black History Month 👍🏾 Check out my Twitter feed for posts &amp; retweets along with scenes from my upcoming YouT…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (6:30pm - 7:30pm) 1. BTSARMY - 726.9K+ ↘️🚨…
June reports the bad comments that the haters left at the vapp comment section when iKON is on Arirang Radio 😭😭😭 ©Baidu…
process 💦
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (9:30am - 10:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 335.2K ↗️…
Happy Valentine’s Day ❤️
I just choked 😂😂😂😭
Today I had approximately 800 followers slashed from my Twitter account!!! 😡😡😡 Has anyone else experienced this? Last ti…
😂 I know hey, surely I won't even know what not to say on the next one
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (9:45am - 10:45am) 1. BTSARMY - 108.1K+ ↘️…
ARMYS ‼️ WE ONLY HAVE A 2M GAP AGAINST THE EGGS IN THE OVERALL VOTE RATES. IF THEY KEEP ON CREATING LARGE GAPS &amp; WE KEEP…
Some people dont seem to get it that i dont wanna talk to them😑so annoying. Parang awan mo na makiramdam ka naman
📣False Flag Gun Grab David Hogg, anti-gun Parkland school survivor. He can't remember his CNN lines when interviewed. Hi…
Ouch, poor mum &amp; poor Crissy, I bet she was upset at hurting her mum. Hope they're both ok today 💖
And now, some Bangtan memes🙃 WW HANDSOME    https://t.…
🕑 2 years ago today (21st of February 2016), Louis posted this tweet! We can’t wait to hear what he’s written in these…
This really came outta nowhere 😂😂😂😂
Freeze you’re under arrest 👮🏽‍♂️
Need to get paid so I can get the battle pass 😧
Beep beep!!! 😁
Last month, EXO made history at the Dubai Fountain Show. On 4 days, EXO will again make history at the Olympics 👏 ONLY LEGE…
© jintime
🍀🍃☘🌿 London 🌿☘🍃🍀
IG Stories update with  😍😍
This guy at the library literally begging the librarian to lock him in so he can carry on with his work 😂 guy said “walla…
PyeongChang olympic conference included Lay on the list. I'm having high hopes that Lay will surprise us, he will perform 😭…
Our hockey crew is at the arena getting ready for tonight! Will you be watching with us? 👔 - …
Agust D by Agust D 🇬🇧iTunes UK:  &amp; 🇺🇸iTunes US:  These are global charts! You can't deny the power &amp; impact 🙌🏻👏🏻 T…
I don't take hints well. You gotta be bold with me 😂
Living my best life for all the times i had nothing 😇😇❤️❤️
How excited are you for at the   😁😁
A staff that matches leggings together, stays together 💗
Next year is going to be different .... 🤚🏽
🔥bts.bighitofficial🔥  @ Seoul, Korea
This girl steels the show like no one 😂😂
1: 💐Retweet this🔥 2: 🔥Like this💐 3: 💐Follow all who like and rt this🔥 4: 🔥Follow back all that follow you💐 5: 💐Gain followe…
Retweet if you stand with the survivors of the Parkland shooting! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Zo telling Lavar to “Be Humble” 😂 🎵: 🐐
The Undertaker strikes again 🔥
30+ Outfits con Enterizos 2018. 😱🙏😍 Ver 👉
I’m living my most unbothered life rn 😂 idgaf about y’all.
Good to be back from injury 😆
Along for the ride😍
Wow , did realize the old was was so old 🙏 . My brothers dog just turned 16. Still likes a good tu…
Me too one of his best....👍⚽👍
🚨 FINALLY FIGHTS AT LAX
My all time favorite. Wanted to share it with you ☕️
~Only believe~.  🙏🇺🇸👍
It’s our worldwide handsome graduation anniversary 🎉 🎓  🎓
Doing drop offs in the GC this Friday night!! Hit me up via pm now🙌🙌🙌 $15 each Come join us at…
Rihanna turning up for her 30th birthday is a WHOLE mood ✨
Thanks my friend, you are the best singer 🙏❤
Sometimes I wanna hit somebody up just to argue but that was the old me 😭
FIRE ☠️ 🔥
🔔Jumlah tweet selama 12 jam tiap negara 1. S.KOREA - 2.292M 🔥 2. INDONESIA - 825.3k 🇮🇩 3. UNITED STATES - 764.5k 4. THAILAND -…
Grizzly bear a vibe tho 😔
Kisses😙😙😙
💘😍Free the $AELF Coins from the Blockchain Confinement and Decide their Destiny at your own 😘💕
🇺🇸 Did you know that a growing number of American cities are powered by 100 percent renewable energy?
"You can't let him" like I have the power to stop him 😂
follow everyone who retweets this🐾
🎁USP-S KILL CONFIRMED ($43 USD) 🎁 To Enter: Follow me …
this video is all about chanyeol wanting to hit someone but he can't because kyungsoo was the one who's beside him 😂😆
It's an easy option to stay safe and never try anything new. But don't get stuck! ⚠️⚠️⚠️
Players with the most Champions League goals versus Premier League teams: Lionel Messi - 18 ⚽️ Cristiano Ronaldo - 11 Th…
Twitter please help me win this 🙏🙏.. 1k retweets. Please guys help me on this. Thanks
Ou nga i went back to watch it, hindi nga posible yun suggestion ko, if you did it downwards the dress will split apart hahaha 😜
Thank you for this amazing outfit. Wearing for the very first time 🙏😊
‼️‼️‼️🏆🏆🔥🏆🏆‼️‼️‼️ NEXT HOUR 600K.. ‼️‼️‼️🏆🏆🔥🏆🏆‼️‼️‼️    https:/…
105 weeksaries ago.. “Go support who you love and be happy. 🙂”
In honor of Black History Month, I’d like to put this gem back on the TL 😂
[📣] ARMY, it is still vital to keep buying, streaming, requesting music! The BBMAs take into consideration: pe…
People be quick to look for a nigga to show love but can't show it back son😒😂🙄
Good preparation for the upcoming  friendly against Belarus in June... now we know what to expect 😉...…
God has a reason for everything he’s putting you thru. ❤️
👑 Melon Top 100 23:00👑 15 Universe 19 Kokobop 20 Power 68 Growl 73 Monster 74 Call me baby 78 Dancing King 79 Overdose 86 El do…
NEW VIDEO IS UPP👼🏼 I made a fan account for myself and talked to other fan accounts undercover h…
I don't know how you guys do it. Montréal is So boring. 😩
army, follow who retweet this 😈
Sun dresses, rompers, shorts, lil cute shirts, sandals, all that. CANT WAITT ! 🤪🤪
Mum thought she hung up the phone and Turned round to her friend and said “Don’t have Children” the little fucker how rude 😂😂😂
We vote  for  on  💪💜 ARMY, keep voting and make sure to tag to help with So…
Shu-zen~ 🐶💕 Good boy! Traditional art 🎨 Watercolor
Black bedroom goals 🖤😍
Why this white girl got cakes by the pounds😭😭
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (11:10pm - 12:10am) 1. BTSARMY - 1.29M+ ↗️…
Nice 👌. Keep rocking
✨ BLACK PANTHER VISUAL ALBUM THREAD ✨ I made a video for almost every song on the album! Please enjoy!!
Wow! What does this flower call? Do you know? 😊😉
👀 Chelsea fans, we're giving away a jersey signed by the whole squad! Follow us and RT for a chance to win, courtesy of
Y’all come out to the ballroom in a few more minutes for our bake sale 😍😍😍
HBD Nina Simone. 🙏🏽  Nina Simone “Strange Fruit” Sampled by:👇🏽 Kanye West “Blood On The…
NEW NEW!!📹 finally brings the visuals for ''Own 2018'', and you know he always brings the bars📶, sahiphop is…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (6:15am - 7:15am) 1. BTSARMY - 206.2K+ ↗️🔥…
Some how even when I’m mad at you I want to sit on your face 🙃
M-Aeriies ur Exols' EXOLYMPICS Icons r finally out 💕💕🙈 Make sure to change ur profile pic to one of these (They r so Bea…
Handmade Hair clips with sweet owls and zodiac signs! 😊
The  of  🔥🎨 "The Pact" Artist:
OH MY GOD I DID THIS IN 5 ⚡️ “Ol' fashioned LA car chase gets a new twist when driver pulls a GTA move”
😂😂😂My boi slays even while drinking water😂😂😂
All of south Florida is making noise! 🗣
ReTweet if U ❤️🚬🔥 she has nice tits, you think so? 🆓
Thanks for the love! 💕
Well done hun knew you could do it!!!!😘
My all time favorite. Wanted to share it with you ☕️
180221 GOT7 Working Eat Holiday in Jeju 'BEST DRIVER' ✨JB DRIVER✨
🎉 Park Bo Gum graduating from Myongji University today. Happy graduation!
He makes me so proud. 😭 Mom, I'm gonna marry this man!!!    …
🎀follow💞 💞🎀
🎬 You remember!?!? 📹
[ The dazzling boys having fun on stage!! 🤗
ffs we also have alot of kachra moreover our mobile gets snatched every day. 😤😤😤
this playlist is gold ❤
The only Reason Supreme Court Disqualified Nawaz Sharif once again😂
Still My Bitch, Mexican Boogieman Got You, &amp; The Team Scared Hombre 🇺🇸👻🇲🇽 McNugg…
Parisian chic. { by 📷 via
[JUNHOE IG UPDATE] 💗💗💗
WHAT IF HE TOLD HER 👀 MEN ARE TRASH
🌼🌹RUTH LORENZO GOOD GIRLS DON'T LIE🌹🌼 🌻  Ruth Lorenzo  Ruth Lorenzo GGDL  Ruth Loren…
Anything that I've said about you, I'll say to you. ✍🏽
On this day in 2003, our very own won 'International Female' at The  💞 And she's up for the same award aga…
soonyoung resting his chin on wonwoo’s head 😫♥️
MY FUCKIN BOYYYYY😂🤞🏾
How come I didn't know about this Joanne deleted scene? 😭😭💔
I love y’all 😭
Baseball is back!😂
🚨 [ ALERT ] 🚨 Please be careful what you retweet. Refer to the image ⤵    ht…
I love my papi no doubt 🧡
A piece of trash👎🏻 smh
Sometimes, though, the simplest data can yield wonderful things 🔥🔥🔥
omf GAP IS CLOSING so fast! Let's work harder💪🏻 VOTE BTS
Queen👸🏽❤️
seeing someone you love go through something really hard and not knowing how to help literally tears me apart inside 😭
Me after reading comments on Evan's post wooow theres so much hate but ................. 😏
stop smoking that trash 🤢🚮🚮
HOT GIRLS WAITING FOR YOU ➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖ 🔴 🔴 ☣ ☣ 🆓SIGNUP NOW 🆓 📶F…
millie bobby brown attends the BRIT awards 2018 on february, 21! ❤️
Sex need 2 drop some new songs 🔥🙄
Cut hair sitting down 😂
I can understand why record his mixtapes in one session you can hear how each song coincides with the other 👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾
Coming Soon....🔴⚪️
Wish you the BEST SEABASS 👍💀💀💀 RAIDER NATION 💀💀💀💀💀
Man I’m just feeling so good inside, I was damn near homeless and broke as shit now I’m bout to make commission checks on top of hourly 🙏🏼
USA AHGASES! 🐣 The  is headed to 🇺🇸 Los Angeles on Fri, 7/6, Houston on Sun, 7/8, and New York on Wed…
Los Angeles, California 🌴
A huge congratulations to as he is crowned winner of the  2018 British Video award! 👏 👏 👏 …
My momma might strike a nerve but, I love that woman to death 😩❤️
This was us when mf Hernandez moved us cause the sub said we were bad 💀
This dude 😂
SlimeBall “🐍🎱” Dropping 2018
I feel he will go crazy tonight. Watch him post sth unexpected 😝
Check out the Top 5️⃣ plays from last night's 71-60 victory at Baylor!
Stormzy "But someone tell the daily Mail they can suck my dick!" 😂
✔ Jaebeom I Can See Your Voice ✔ Youngjae Immortal Song ✔ Jinyoung Unexpected Housemate ✔ GOT7 Weekly idol ✔ GOT7 Webtoon ✔…
I’ve got a crush on Houston.. 🤘🏽 industrydancecompany Model: 🌇 by quyster…
Feeling super sick 🤒
Throwback to this iconic moment 😍
1 down 2 to go 30 dollars richer 😂😂😂😂😂😂
im CRYING look how proud the leaders are at the back &amp; someone give jiyong some tissues he cant handle it🤧😭💘
How many  are active ?? u guyz made it 🔥🔥 " YOUTH ICON DHANUSH "
SWITZERLAND🇨🇭/13-6-2017/The Council of States rejects an attempt to criminalize &amp; ban support for organizations fighting for…
has the best commercial so far 😢
But that's none of my business 🐶☕️
How did you feel about the Super Bowls half time show with JT? 🏈
Lmfao sandwich use to be lit 😂😂😂😂😂
See y’all Tuesday 😬
Eagles ran out to 'Dreams &amp; Nightmares 🔥 🔥 🔥  (via
Only the real ones know 😭
🌟Challenge for ARMY (ROUND 4)🌟 📣Y'all are FAST📣 🔥Get this tweet to 1,200 replies for Best Fan Army in 1 hour, 30min🏆…
I hope I have a better work week 😩
Y’all Malaysians better start treating Dr Amalina right man 😩😭 she makes time to educate our youth IN BETWEEN surgeries W…
GOT7 is holding a 2018 WORLD TOUR!!! 😍❤🎉 Will you be attending one (or...all?) of their stops? 🎶🎤🌏 …
When you wake up in the middle of the night to this 🤟🏽
Always popping up at the last minute, but I’m here for it 😂✊🏿🍫
this scene makes me so fucking emotional like lana playing, leo looking gorgeous, the cinematography 💗
🇺🇸This is why WE STAND!
IF YOU WERNT THERE FOR MEEK WHEN DRAKE AND HIM HAD BEEF STOP SAYING FREE MEEK!! GO BACK DRAKE!!💯
171202 MMA Moon boy under the Moon River 🌌        https://t…
[180202] CANDY POP 🍭 First TV Performance in Music Station   ©️ MomoMadeinJapan
THIS IS AN ANTHEM. Had no idea what this meant but kept singing it when I was a child 🤣 …
Abi brother ? 🙄😑
I cant spare people no more 😂 its 2018. On sight
"Boy will be boys" is never an excuse to catcall. 🤦‍♂️
When ya homework brings u to tears, I think that’s a good stopping point 🤷🏻‍♀️
Off the bench and into history. Congrats, for bringing Philly their first ever 🏆.
Five time  All-Star, is on the move to the 😳 Details:
YEESSS TOM BRADY WAS SHUT THE FUCK DOWN. 👏🏼👏🏼
Bro Kevin Hart is DRUNK on nfl network and Prime kicked him off the stage 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Very swt ☺
Pittsburgh: 🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆 New England: 🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆 Philadelphia: 🏆
Supreme Boi Instagram Update 🤣 “My First Gold 🏅😉”
This is the only HALF a yawn I've ever seen you do😣😭😭😭 It's the cutest thing ever😄😍😍😍😍😍  And…
FREE MEEK MILL. FUCK DONALD TRUMP &amp; HIS SUPPORTERS WINK WINK 😉
100% believe Nate helped the Eagles win tonight👼🏼
scoops it up! Huge play for 🍊🏈
Save the beat for last😊 Reedus In Wonderland pt10
In less than three months 🙏🏼
Congrats to  on  going   💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
YEAH it's Feb 4th!🎶 Happy Anniversary to &amp; her fans!🎶⚡ 4 YEARS AGO her casting news as Iris West-Allen got the…
If you actually enjoy eating this, then your heart is made of pure stone and you’re as bitter as the food you eat 😖 https://t…
bruh females really out here 🤦🏻‍♂️
PHILLY IS LITERALLY LIT! 👀
Waiting On 2 Heartless💔🖤To Drop Drop It On Valentines 🤧💯😈🔥
The came in as underdogs and left US Bank Stadium as top dogs after beating the reigning champs in  🔥 (via
😭😭😭😭😂 told me 😭😭😭 smhhhhhh
Eli steals the show at another Patriots Super Bowl… 😬
This won’t help those OBJ rumors 👀
I know yall watchin’ the game but  💅🏽✨
lmao that used to be so fun 😹😹
I’m rooting for buffalo chicken dip tonight. 🏈
it could be a scene from the past though... 🤔 stop tricking my mind and give me the n…
you expose your overactive ego when you assume that everything is about you 💭
Be ready! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
The way he’s looking at BamBam ❤️👀
I'm literally the ex nobody has to be worried about 😂 even if I look better than you 👑💅 have self confidence and control..I d…
The skill level in futsal. 🔥
You guys are doing amazing with the retweets, just need to improve the replies, c'mon! 💪
😂😂 yeah sure ok 👌🏽👍🏽
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (8:30am - 9:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 355.9K+ ↗️…
Love Stacey - thanks for helping her Scott ❤
Sorry 😔😔 the meme makes it great though
Last time I straight up told a man “no, thank you I’m not interested” he called me a “bucket head ass bitch” ... 😂
💫ROUND 2💫 💎Get this tweet to 800 replies tagging OR EVEN MORE in less than 50 minutes💎 🚨We must do EVERYTHING…
I can still wear my jersey 🎉
that hurt 😫😫😫
Amazing, inspiring thread 👇
rich shootas 💭
304 weeks at World No. 1 (and counting) 🇨🇭🏆1️⃣
LOVE,🖤hearing 👂these stories📰.
This is GOLD💜💜
OMG 😂😂😂 Mr. Henderson with 3 perfect action dive and rolls
Let’s venture off together ✨
His only CL knockout win came against Neil Lennon’s Celtic. 👀 He has never won a cup competition as a manager. 👀 Prior to…
💎I am in the right place, at the right time, doing the right thing.
❄️ DREAM Case  ❗️ GET MONEY FOR FREE: ⛄️ Like + RT + Follow us ⛄️ Paste your profile UR…
Is “Clueless” a biopic of her life 😳
no matter How mucH tHat sHit destroys me, i only want yu Healed frm all pain all fear &amp; Healed frm me INSOMNIA ADDICT ❄
“I’ll be brokeeeeeeeuuuuuuuuuaahhahhuuaaa.... cus I bet you cant pull me” 😂😭
Bootleg man got me 😡
i wonder if louis is creeping 👀
grrr bakit mo ko in-expose HAHAHA likewise gurl, thank you so so much!!! 💜
Birthday Saturday 😏
🏄‍♀️VOTE FOR XIUMIN ON PHOTOCARD PLEASE
Shawn &amp; Niall 💞
Ok I’m late. But Demi Lovato’s “Simply Complicated “ just changed my life. In every way. ❤️
*sigh* 🍒
Come on guys make my wish come true 😩😂😂😂😂
I will miss you 💛 Come back safely. See you in Nov 2019!
when there is a sub in class 😂
So his father stole his savings that's why he was crying. 😂
Don’t u hate when someone puts on ur clothes and looks better in them than you 😡
I’ve worked full time for 6 months and I’m already questioning how people do this their whole lives 😫😫
good night 😇😭😭
Happy Mon- Tuesday 🔆 Just because today wasn’t good doesn’t mean tomorrow won’t be
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO  🎉 WE💚YOU 😻
ion even care how i look at school anymore... i’m just trynna graduate already 😩
yura finally appeared on radio romance episode 9 after 28 minutes 😎
here’s a picture of me in the back of a dimly lit restaurant in New Orleans. enjoy ❤️
Me recordaron a Just Right 😭
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO  🎉 WE💚YOU 😻
Baltimore and PG been beefing 😂
retweet if you want to gain just follow everyone who retweets and follow back whoever follows you🍄
Thanks ty ❤️
my mwf classes really kill me every time. 🤦🏽‍♀️ they so boring
Thank you for your hardwork 🙆    NATION'S PICK EXO
He accepts his best friend being a dead beat dad so he’ll probably accept returned shoes. 🤷🏻‍♀️
❤My favorite…
PHOTOCARD APP UPDATE 🚨8 HOURS LEFT before voting ends🚨 XIUMIN still Rank No 2 ‼️Gap 11.2 million+ votes Don’t give up…
Wow, Amazing! BELLA💝 is broadcasting on ,come to join!
When you type in hentai zone instead of zentai 💀💀💀
Natasha Denona Tropic Palette ✨ Must be following me &amp;
Damon Salvatore, just hang in there 😭💔
‼️I PLEAD THE FIFTH: Like this &amp; I'll DM you a question &amp; you have to quote this tweet with the HONEST answer or say "I plead the fifth" ‼️
LOVE YOU FOREVER NINA 😍😍😍😍😍
Calum, Michael and Ashton on 5sos’s IG story! Love Calum here 😂 - Jess
💫ROUND 2💫 💎Get this tweet to 800 replies tagging OR EVEN MORE in less than 50 minutes💎 🚨We must do EVERYTHING…
My favorite part of my school day is finding a nice sunny spot and eat my burrito 😊
fazoli’s has the best cheesecake 😭
Fortnite is everywhere 😂
Live your life bro, not how someone lived💪
Hahaha i think both have no cure , kangaroo care is only a treatment 😂😂 saaaddd
🎁50 credit GIVEAWAY🎁 - Follow ✔ - Retweet ✔ - Tag two friends ✔ ⌚️Winner announced in 24 hours ⌚️ …
Long Live the King. Get your  tickets NOW! 🎟️
A 2-1 win for  😄 A familiar face in the stands 🤔 An unexpected result for an upcoming opponent 😮 For all that, and more,…
Cats are in a world of their own 😂
Robert was bottomless for 7 months ... RT if you get it 🙃
Kylo Ren about ready to kill off resistance fighter's ‼ He is searching for Rey and Luke…
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this 📶
today is kind of funny lmao we still see the same people, just different side of them 🐍
American news reporting at its finest 😂
This my everyday happiness reminder. Such a cute, pure smile 😌❤
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (8:30pm - 9:30pm) 1. BTSARMY - 846.3K+ ↗️🔥…
He always sleeps like a baby 💕
🎶 Woke up this morning feeling fine...
good night 🎈
Thank you, bb ❤️🤗
If it’s nothing positive don’t bring it my way!🙅🏽‍♀️
I love reading/writing poetry at midnight ✨
is 1-of-2 players in  to average 18-3-3. Today’s accolades: 👉🏽 Player of Week. 👉🏽
Hang on! What party is Atiku going to contest on, to achieve his presidential ambition? 🤔
Auburn: ♂Torchic 97.8% (14/15/15) 354CP L13 Scratch/Flame Charge until 12:04:06pm (27m 29s)
Healthy dinner tonight, no cakes or biscuits for the whole day 💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾 early night for me. It's only been one day bu…
1: Retweet this🐗✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🐗✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🐗✅ 4: Gain with
Best of luck love 😊 you can do it ❤️❤️❤️
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this🍗✅
😂😂😂😂😂 u global Holmes 💪🏾
Ion think we gone find one in Jax 😭😭
BAY AREA RESIDENTS 🗣
On a side note to the  nomination, fan John Cena will be the host. 😊    htt…
“iHeart will present seven awards in the seven nights leading up to the Sunday telecast” 🤔
Yes 👏 Millie 👏 do 👏 ya 👏 thing👏 b👏 and👏 don’t 👏 let👏 anyone 👏 tell 👏 you👏 otherwise 👏
A cat was dangling from the 4th floor of this building — so this guy grabbed a ladder and started climbing 👏👏👏 …
REMEMBER MY NAME ... OSIRIS WILLIAMS 🗣 LET ME KNOW IF I SHOULD DROP THIS ❗️❗️❗️❗️🤔🤔
What this means for the nearly 700,000 DACA recipients: ✅ The program stays in place for now ✅ The March 5 deadline to begin p…
Larvitar♀ Rock Smash/Crunch (IV: 44% - CP: 402 - L: 18) until 12:13:34pm unkn/?lat=26.4522333131&amp;lon=-81.9458522455…
Retweeted MTV ( Hawkins Middle School is full of mini icons ✨
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (12:30am - 1:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 631.1K+ ↘️…
LMFAO traffic from Modesto to Merced - that's like a 40 min drive without traffic 😂 sucks for y'all.
🚨 The Rise of &amp; 🚨 . reveals its plan for world domination in our Feb 2018 cover story
I love you too much and more awee 😍
We’re nearing 400 Million Tweets on iHeart! 🔥🔥🔥 [🏆] Best Fan Army /
When Charlie runs a lot at the park he gets so tired he snored 😂
💥 Register for free and see me live now 【 Register for free, im online now !! 】 🔥 🔥 …
Gain 150+ followers tonight! 💯 🔥 RT fast 🔥 Follow me and everyone 🔥 Follow back
That's because I show up as soon as he posts, and YouTube only let's me downvote once. 🤣
Lol my ex nigga used to call me daaat 😭😭😭
Follow everyone who RETWEETS this 🌹
1: Retweet this🐱✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🐱✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🐱✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
just to say “ I called but you didn’t answer” 😭
I love girls too😉
[STREAM] 180226 SHINee WORLD 2018 ~THE BEST FROM NOW ON~ at Tokyo Dome - Day 1 เริ่มเวลา 18:00 JST (16:00 น. ไทย) link 👉 h…
Homemade        💦💦
That’s the one 😎
omg bitch wait it's the 26th of February... WFH turns 2 years today 😭
Many congratulations on your outstanding results. You scored rank three chuchu... HUWAAAW 😂
Their reactions 😭😂😂
👇🏼THIS👇🏼 Taking cues from other autocrats,  leader REMOVES TERM LIMITS, allowing him to stay in power indefinit…
Chorus teacher in here tryna hold singing comps and be x-factor 😂
ARMYS 🚨🚨 HOW MANY RT CAN J-HOPE GET? CAN YOU PLEASE USE THE KEYWORD  🔥🔥 LET'S TREND  WW 🔆🔥🔥 CAN YOU DO T…
Typical Democrat... Never except responsibility for anything. Sheriff Scott Israel is a disgrace to his uniform. 🎯 Th…
chin up and be generous with your kindness today 💞
HIII EYES-Y WAYWAYYY ❤️
RT: Bull Run ES    for   at Royal Cyber Club 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
🐱Lee &amp; Hong🐼
Spencer was a true gem 😂
And whose profile picture is Black Panther 🤦🤦🤦
🔥 100% free sex cams site 💥 Register now 100% Free !! ↴ ⚡ ⚡ ⚡ …
“la di da di da, slob on me knob pass me some syrup, fuck me in the car” 😪
He just wikied her too aaaaa 😭
That part in Ruthless Deed when Uruha plays the acoustic guitar tho together with Ruki‘s voice 😩👌👌
💗 baby Chicago 💗
If my girl not touchy like this I don’t want her 😂😂😂😂😂💀 wait till the end 🤣🤣
I’m going to need season 2 of to come out already! 💀
Grind SZN. Week 1 of 4th Qtr ✅
Free my playlist🤦🏾‍♂️💰💽
Nothing better than being tucked up in bed with a cuppa after you’ve been in this horrible weather all day 😌
Guys always use condoms, otherwise this will happen to YOU!🙈🤕🤕🤕
Home, who’s putting in some work? 🤔
Where tf was he getting to 😂😩 running like that.
Oh Billy, what have you done? 😱
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (6:30am - 7:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 227.4K+ ↗️…
🌈🌈🌈i feel super gay🌈🌈🌈
The world is filled with good vibes and that is what i seek 🎶
In NEED of this bra 😍
Like momma like baby 🐱
A poop to bless my dad’s day 💩🙏🏼
yooooo this song was a bop in 2013 😭
When will they be in a same team on RUN BTS😭😭
Bts' new show "Burn the stage" is coming soon it will follow boys around their world tour 💜💜
That's me reading  scripts 😂
Breakfast 💊💊💊👍👍👊
Sam the mental man 🤡
Extremely excited to receive my first scholarship offer from UVA WISE ‼️
💜 and groomingbyRBCHANCO Styling
📣📣📣📣BTS DO NOT NEED TO MAKE AN ENGLISH ALBUM THEY ARE ALREADY WORLD WIDE KINGS. ARMY LIKE THEM SINGING IN KOREAN, THEY ARE A…
Facts Like How Tf You Drive Wit Ya Hands And Not See How Fucked Ya Shits Is😂🤦🏽‍♂️
🏄‍♀️Which songs were included in EXOrdium acoustic medley set?
[ ➖ BTS is the only idol group to be nominated for Musician of the Year. ➖ BTS &amp; Red Velvet are the only idol gro…
Congratulation My baby TEN for 1,000,000 views on nct smtown board🎉❤🌟🎂🎊       📎: https://t…
Only 17 Days to go. 🤩  Long Sleeve T-shirts available for sale on our website.…
I'm selling my 💜Authentic La Senza Thong- plain yellow for PHP 80
So who's counting what's inside our Bag ??? How many awards and Daesangs again??. I stan legends 😘
MALIA is like LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD 😍
🏆2018 DAESANG🏆 - 180111 GDA Disk Daesang - 180125 SMA Artist of the Year - 180228 KMA Musician of the Year🎉
Smh!! I sung almost the entire song, and look at my name.... 😩😂 Diddy ass cray
Oh the weather outside is frightful but the 🥃🎸 is so delightful! Come get toasty at MASH ton…
Zayn via Instagram: “Fugees-jam🌴”
CONGGRATULATION FOR WINNING MUSICIAN OF THE YEAR We ( ARMY ) LOVE YOU 😍😍😘😘💜💜💜👫👫 ht…
Oh my good god this is it, the most disrespectful act of 2018 NBA. Harden crosses up Wes Johnson, STARES AT HIM ‼️ wets…
Have we (Indian Eris) decided a name for us or Not?? 😂😂😂    WE ARE ONE EXO…
This Thanksgiving,  👊💥Watch the new teaser trailer now!
A new friend has appeared near Saltwater Shores in Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp! How did he get here? 👀  htt…
⏳Today's Turning Point ⏳ "Opening Doors" Dr. David Jeremiah
😂😂💀💀💀💀 DIS NIGGA WENT BACK TO SLEEP ON THEY ASS OMG OMG⚰️⚰️
huge ColourPop makeup bundle 💕 must be following me to win
i hope this means knk are having a comeback soon 🙏
Ten hugging jisung 😭
RT:  for STEM Summer Camp 🖥️ 🎮 💎 🆒 🌞 🕰️
Please Support Our OHT 👉  ❤️
🎁🎉 CASE CODE GIVEAWAY 🎉🎁 RT + FOLLOW! GO! GO! GO!
Y’all think Oprah cooks for her man? 🤔 lol
20180228 🔥Carat Camp 🔥
Beef with Mushroom Sauce    🍄 Recipe➡️
Imagine actually making it to the final 😳!! Like that would be a dream come true and something I never expected at all…
Today's confession scene will go down in Indian TV history as one of the best things ever locally produced and seen😭😭😍🔥…
WHEEEEEEETTTTT 😭😭 wow Nev told me how fake
Couple Shoe's 👟😍 DARREN and KYLINE.👑💞. 👇📷PB👇
Thank you 😀👍 I love it
🌥 ARMYs it's almost time ! ⏰ ​3 hours to go Set your ​📲 | 💻 ​ | accounts ready ! ​🗳 MYX Massvoting later (6PM…
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""View Anyone's Private Snaps 🤡Pics 📸Videos 📹Chat Messages ✉️ by clicking the lin…
👁Watch best amateur videos only at 👉 ⏯️ ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
I love it when you scream for me😏
proud of our bois     💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
📷 It is the end of a cycle in Real Madrid. Stagnated, after the first wonderful seasons of “Zizou”,...
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (9:45am - 10:45am) 1. BTSARMY - 413.8K+ ↗️…
When your dad is your  hype man! 😭😭😭😭😭
🏆 BTS’ 2018 DAESANGS 🏆 - 180111 GDA Disk Daesang - 180125 SMA Artist of the Year - 180228 KMA Musician of the Year
[ HIXTAPE D1 ] [⚠️] Best Fan Army: ONE
People does really get tie up 😂😂😂 easy crab
You looks so pressed 😂😂
Thanks for raising extra  payment for senior citizens in  yesterday 👍
I'm at a point in my life where is my favourite artist worldwide😎
army, follow who retweet this 💚
🤔🤔🤔 If you had 5 whole seconds with - how would you make it count?! A question? A song? A proposal? 😏 Send us you…
Happy Wednesday, here's a pic of to get you through the rest of your week!!! 💛
You’ve gotta love 🙌🏼
crying 😂
have you checked SuperStar BTS’ recent updates ARMYs? 😂😂 you’ll get these 7 limited edition profile pics (and other bonus…
Star shopping/ lil peep 🌃
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (4:15am - 5:15am) 1. BTSARMY - 179.6K+ ↘️…
Magic 🌟
“The future of law is human”. What do you think? Come along to the open 🎤 on 20/3 &amp; share your views. Registe…
"Wanna Gain More Followers?!?" ❤️ Like ☮️ Retweet 🗨️ IFB
They really seem laid back don’t you think? 😅
I❤️Our President Trump RT if you agree and tell me why.
i am not photogenic, I get a good pic like every 2 months 😂
You gotta be HER peace too... Because she be goin through shit jus like you 🤦🏾‍♀️
🤤, filipinas the most beautiful in the world
I stay hidden from the radar🚔
Sounds uplifting 🤦‍♂️
🤣🤣 Who is Ty Deuce?!
2 weeks later and only for a weekend 😇
ITS GAMEDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🏀 vs Ole Miss ⏰ 7:00PM EST 📍Rupp Arena 📺 ESPN2
pays his respects to Joaquin Oliver, the Parkland shooting victim who was buried in his jersey 🙏 https://t…
The year may be long but I serve a great God 🙏🏾. Even those “dark” times won’t take away from the good. I can f…
Genuinely enjoy all your music. This last track is fire bro. Can i slide you some beats for free? 🙏🏻🌟
lat7aten😂
Because you can workout consistently, eat healthy and still have a little bit of cellulite on your thighs 🤷🏼‍♀️💕 https…
ISTG‼️‼️
Waiting for the rainbow! 🌈
happy birthday shiro, my dear space son, im lov u 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Defo a day to sit in and sweat Fortnite🎮❄️
[INSTAGRAM] mimimiseoa Instagram Update with D.O. 📎   WE ARE…
Twitter do your thing😩
Not Speaking on Shit , Just Know karma is a Bitch and you finna feel this shit 😌🤘🏽💯
[INFO] Congrats to for winning Musician/Artist of the year at this year's Korean Music Awards🎉 Its an great t…
[ FINAL RESULTS] ✅ Musician of the Year (BTS) 🎉 ❎ Song of the Year (HYUKOH) ❎ Best Pop Album (IU) ❎ Best Pop Song (…
Daesangs (8): 161119🏆Album of the Year 161202🏆Artist of the Year 171201🏆Artist of the Year 171202🏆Song of the…
When skipping the am workout seemed like a good idea and now you’re riddled with guilt for skipping it 😩🙄
🔔 [ INSTAGRAM VOTES UPDATE] 🔔 🕙 Feb 22-28, 2018 🕑 1. BTSARMY - 3,101,663M 2. E - 725,409 D…
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
7 months &amp; standing up all by himself. SLOW DOWN BABY 😭😭😭
A nice way to start the 4th quarter ➡️ basket!
Preach🙏🏽
i am so incredibly proud of you hailey💛keep being U, cause u are amazing ily
Me and the girls boutta slay 😈☘️
time   🎈🎉🎁🛍🎈
Yebo 😉😉
“you can’t put a brown person on your cover?” it takes one google search guys 🙃
PLEASE RT TO VOTE FOR HARRY 🙏 I'm voting for  by  for the  at the
Let us live sis! 🤣
! Design : ✌️
Ion be understanding ...🚮🚮
Accelerate your   with this  opportunity 🚗 If you have  experience, then contact us today o…
Weed man talm bout he was in a meeting when I called, this nigga think he Felipe Lobos 😒
Champions League ❤️⚽️
The magnetic mask was the same price 😭
Sleep???? Nahh let's stream 🎼🎼🎼 thank you for the streaming passes. 😊😊😊
She didn’t say anything 😂
When Warriors win the championship and show up to Obama's house instead of White House 🔥🔥🔥🔥
This hit.. 😳‼️
Can’t believe “Want You Back” is the most added song at US radio this week! ❤️ thank you a million times!
👁 @ Manchester, United Kingdom
180227 ♡  〜 FROM NOW ON 〜 in TOKYO LUCKY STAR ( onew focus ) 2:03〜 😆😆  …
PRETTY SURE YOU HAVE ALREADY PICKED 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺 SAD !
👏  👏 It's Gaining Time Guys:⌚ 👉Retweet This Tweet 👉Like This Tweet 👉Follow Everyone 👉Follow Bac…
Me too and first place I’m gonna go straight to is outside of BigHit entertainment 😃
_ ♠️♦️♠️♦️♠️♦️♠️♦️ ＊ 🎴● Retweet/Like this 🎴● Follow who likes/Rts 🎴● Gain with  🎴● 💯% Followback👇 ＊ ♠️…
👍 on Its not mexico
baldsoo in specs 🤓💓
Very Curious Octopus 🐙
Why are you pained 😂😂🤣
kerry about tony: “he is a unicorn, he is a unicorn” girl we know 😏😂
done!pls give it to tysm 💕💕
DEACTIVATING 😌💔 ITS NEEDED
🕕 It's 18:13 BTS Time Share pics of BTS 🌼with Best Fan Army hashtags🌼 On our thread!
Follow everyone who LIKES this ✅🔑
Nobody panic...I’ve got this! ❄️
Hello this is my account got suspended 😭 im trying my best to get it back.. please help me rt this tweet thank…
‼️One A Day‼️ One election tweet a day from every deplorable! We need your help. March 6 primary-TX. Ted Cruz, Senate; G…
「BLOOMING」 2018.4.6-2018.4.7 The Anniversary Party 🌸see you in HangZhou
army, follow who retweet this 💥
🌟RT to   🌟Health is precious. The average woman uses 515 chemicals on her skin DAILY. With cancer rates incre…
"if you ever see me laughing for no reason, i’m thinking of this video" 🤐😬😐🤣
Mmm, grass 🤪
★ 9488rt ★ HQ 😆😆
hi. So like what’s the song on this snap of yours?? Asking for a friend 🙂
The girl I'm talking to mad at me right now so Ig I'll just tweet 😥😒
Write the caption 😂    EXO MAMA
PINK SHIRT DAY 2018! Make kindness apart of your daily routine💖
No female wants to start over with a new guy. Telling secrets, Falling all over again. ✋ Too much.
Building with ☕️balcony 😂          …
don't forget: today is notice deadline day for April leave! 🕑
Who would say goodbye? Hopefully wala, kaya laban Paco and Domeng!  after Asintado👍 …
Don't miss on training workforce we need for  &amp; the  on 7 March👩‍💻🙌 …
City Lodge Hotel Group hotels are the bomb diggity!  🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 PICK ME PICK ME !!!
What is she doing 😂😭
What's the move tonight 😦👀
Utica, your main event is SET❗️ Bantamweights collide in the Octagon as meets  https://…
And for this too... thanks for saving our life fams 💜💜💜 His sweet voice 😍😍😍
Get U A Bag &amp; Keep It!!!!!!💰💰💰
YOU’RE ANNOYING‼️😭
Forgot to ask Coach Reid about how it felt to win the Gold medal for Curling in the Olympics. Maybe next time 😂
Very Curious Octopus 🐙
Bringing Oreos with you to  ❤️
Views can come from 3 different platforms as well: - Desktop 💻 - Mobile web 📱 - Mobile App📱
so proud of you and the boys 💕💕
Me and out here 🤘
ha! Awesome comic here. 🖖
HAHAHAHAHA i mean, there ain’t no lie in that 😂 but shii computer love ain’t fa everybody 😂
📢 LemoChain | ᴀɪʀᴅʀoᴘ Airdrop Rules ; Go to 👉 1⃣Sign up for Lemo Airdrop using invitation…
🗣 MAN DOWN
Shmoooood🤤
⚡️GAIN FREE FOLLOWERS⚡️ 👉 Follow everyone who RT or LIKES this 🏆 Follow👉
Lol turn up weird😂😂😂
Never use this picture of me again 😂
SKINNY PETITE THANG🤪
I’m such an idiot😒
i’m in love w/ being your mommy💜
🏆💙⭐️ THIS JUST IN! OUR VERY OWN EL TORO DANCE ARE NATIONAL CHAMPIONS IN VARSITY POM AND JAZZ! WE ARE SO PROUD!!! 🏆💙⭐️
🚨🚨🚨 Must-read thread! Broward County Sheriff's Office pact w/Broward County Schools! Agreement to "look the other way"…
So, my hour with you is over now! I will be partying from now! Without my Phone in my hand! 😂💕 You're all amazing! Keep…
"This is how orphaned kangaroos go to bed" my heart ❤️
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (2:30am - 3:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 274.5K+ ↘️…
twenty-nine CHIM CHIM 🐣 BTS +
Friday feeling 💃💃
LAKE COMO. TOUR REHEARSAL. THE THRILL OF IT ALL WORLD TOUR COMING VERY SOON 🌹
Drippin in finesse you said ? 💧
Get well soon❤
I don't remember this part of Fergalicious 🤔
Went to see it 👌 🔥 now waiting for Infinity War
now this is MY type of test stay educated with Vine culture 👏
ain't driving,is he?😉
The official result of the Round of 16  Most exciting tie? 🤔
I have officially saved someone life!! Well I hope they’re in A&amp;E as we speak🤞🏻🤞🏻
Follow everyone who LIKES this tweet. 💚
180115 🏹 Lightning strikes every time he moves.
The Luna Blaster Neo gets added to  tomorrow morning! ✅ Sub: Ink Mine ✅ Special: Suction-Bomb Launcher https…
Hi, I sent you 50 Rs Paytm cash. Why not take only 15 seconds to get it? 👉
Love yaaa❤️
You've seen our Go Ahead Eagles challenge (👉 ) so how do you fancy winning a copy of
Weather is doing something else💀
Wonder if you even notice me, Just want to be your girl✨♥️
RT if you’re excited to see what I’ve been working on for you guyssss 😈
Mandy Rose 🔥
“ girl tell me why your nigga at this party with a mf blue cup bitch “ 💀
With all my pleasure 😆 have a great weekend senior! 🌻🌻
😭😭😭 what a beauty!!!
So in love with New Song ✌🏻👌🏻❤️
This looks really pretty and mysterious tho... 😪
And then you think, why are some guys following me on  🤔  This is one of my own goals! 💪💪
🕕It's 19:09 ARMY Time Share pics of ARMY ❣️with Best Fan Army hashtags❣️ On our thread!
Take care of my momma nigga that ain’t a option 💯
Is it too late to post Sadie’s pictures? No. 🎥💋
Indonesia looks like paradise 💙💦🌎
Mix!!🎵🎶 ~ing
You're so fckin precious when you smile ❤️
AHHH THEY WORE SUITS SORN BANGS IS BACK SEUNGYEON HAD HER HAIR IN PONYTAIL 😭😭😭😭😭
🙌 Congratulations, Bobby! 🙌 January's Player of the Month.
J-Hope will release his new mixtape on March 2nd; confirmed by Bighit Entertainment! ©️ HOBI HOBI…
I’m good on everybody 😘!
[ Istanbul blackrose🌹 Are you ready? 🤟
Love love love falling asleep on the phone lmao 😭
For a second I thought you were trolling because I just saw the Big 7 but 🤔🤔
I’m just happy I can finally say I have my own apartment ☝🏾
If God Hates Gays Why Are We So Cute😅🏳️‍🌈
happy birthday "NATURAL STAR". may this year brings you more success. Enjoy the year with more success. Thank you 🙏🎂
Thank you hal!!! Godbless you too💯🔥
제23회 동계 올림픽: 4-man  👉 heat 2 1st team Friedrich  2nd team Won  3rd team Walther  Followed by: team…
😭 Amazon Echo: Lil Peep Edition
so sorry to disappoint, but i wasn’t born to please you🤷🏼‍♀️
Y’all go check my big bro shxt 🤯🔥
Happy birthday natalie!!❣️🎉
Are we really gonna trend  ?😂 ➡ARMY, I live and breathe for your EXTRANESS😂💜 🌟Please don't forget to in…
sums up our 4 yrs of high school 🙄
💥 Register for free and see me live now ➤ Register for free, im online now !! ••► ••► https://t…
⚡️ “Teachers list items they'd rather be armed with than guns”
😱 for realz!
the flu , the pregnant , the stupid . keep that shit away from me 🗣😷.
I’m excited 😍
Most of the women and some men I follow don’t have pics of themselves......why 🤷🏻‍♀️ x
happy birthday to my big sis 💘 love you
Open for a surprise 😭
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 You've got them Angeleyes!!! Get well soon!
isn’t at school so I got sad and Hannah said “I’ll wear white pants and listen to trap music for you” 😭😂
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🍿
Thank you great message.  🏒🙏🏼🥅
We met at 15, dated for 2years decided to be by ourselves senior year. We broke up &amp; dated other people for a second 💀.…
Honestly, if you don't listen to Tame Impala you're sincerely missing out.😌
Tickets paid for and hotel booked, JMBLYA Austin here we come ‼️🙌🏼
Shout-out to every Army including the voting hashtags to every tweet, I STAN YOU 💜
🐬 Aces 🐬
‘Do You Wanna Be Loved Like This?’ My debut single OUT NOW 🧡
WELL DONE ❤️❤️❤️
IF UR ART IS POOR KEEP DRAWING 🗣🗣 IF UR WRITING IS WEAK KEEP TYPING 🗣🗣 IF UR MUSIC IS LACKING KEEP CREATING 🗣🗣 DON'T LET…
Here’s intriguing  ⭐️ing &amp; 🎭 ◀️ Directed by…
New Urban Decay 'Back Talk Palette 😍
Abba bless you 💙💜💙
Never thought I’d be seeing one of my niggas in a casket. 💔
Frosty ❄
🛑 This Saturday, 2/24 from 10-12 at Eckstrom-Columbus Library🛑 Ask Rep. Clodfelter (LD10) about his NO vote disallowi…
Eyes expression 😍
let’s get it trending⚡️
7 months with my honey. 🍯❣️
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (5:15am - 6:15am) 1. BTSARMY - 159.1K+ ↘️…
Avery be tired of my shenanigans, I get extra goofy around him and he gives me the orangutan face then smile 😭😭
They love each other so much 💓💓
I️ Hate how ppl will call twice and the second call goes through &amp; you get disturbed. 🙄
Stunna forever ❤️🍓
Check out the boys throwing down Draz &amp; ShayFlo🖤
Pic : spotted at the Mumbai Airport 😄
⊶⊶⊶=☛ TK FriskySexySinful ⊶🅢⊶⚫️💠⚫️💠⚫️💠⚫️ ⊶🅔⊶ 🅗 🅞 🅣 ⊶🅧⊶ 🅑 🅐 🅑 🅔 🅢 ⊶🅨⊶⚫️💠⚫️💠⚫️💠⚫️ •🅵🅞🅻🅻🅞🆆•
I honestly hope my future turns out the way I want it to🤔
It happens 😂
All the aunties at my mums church thought I was a drug dealer.. They’re not gonna have much to say when they see this 😉…
Follow everyone who LIKES this🍭✅
‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼‼ 🔥 Follow everyone who: 🔥 🔷🔶🔷🔶🔷🔶🔷🔶🔷🔶🔷 ❤️ Like 🔄 Retweet 🗨️ IFB ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (12:30am - 1:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 539.8K+ ↘️…
😘 Most people are…
I'll happily switch from to you guys now! 😁 Pretty sure these other travelers will too!
just burned a hole through my fav sweats while trying to sage my room 😭 so much for clearing the bad vibes
🔥 See me live, Sex Chat For Free! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ htt…
aw thank you jaydon macgroon i love you!!!♥️♥️
Follow &amp; the next 400 to retweet Turn on his notifications 🔥🔥🔥🔥 GOO 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥  🇰🇪🇰🇪🇰🇪
space gf 👽 goth gf 🖤
Waited 2 years for new pics, bitches. 😍🤤 Worth it 🤤😍
UK Charts 🇬🇧  Drake - God’s Plan (=)  Dua Lipa - IDGAF (+1)  Kendrick Lamar &amp; SZA - All The Stars (+6)  Liam Pa…
I know I had to cop that 60 mil merch Love ya pewds ❤️
we get it jimin, you're a CUTE GENIUS😍😘🤣
Marcus Peters' last moment in a Chiefs uniform 😂😂
He’s definitely in the 1% of something! 😂
So I guess I’m the only black person left that hasn’t seen Black Panther 🤦🏾‍♀️
Update: she’s starting to ask me about my opinions about stuff. That’s how you know a b really cares. 😍
Alright who’s responsible for this? 🤦🏽‍♂️💀
Here Is A Guide For Tomorrow's  🎉🎈
Get your first look at an original song from ❄️ (Elsa) performs the brand-new, original song "M…
[HQ] 180222  - Incheon Airport 🛫 ©LOVE STREAM h…
it’s LAW licking the damn thing is useless because it doesn’t give you the actual taste and it’s a waste of time 😩
🚨 STOP IT, STEPH! 🚨
Good night na.💙💛
Happy birthday, Sir Vince Jeremias!! ❤️
A contest between Cup cakes and our almighty charge &amp;bail madam RT Cupcakes... Likes 4 CeceC Leggo✌️
retweet for a little surprise in your dms! 🐱💛
Congratulations! on your SOLD OUT Concert at KIA Theather   🙌
NOT MEEEEEEEE 👸🏻👸🏻👸🏻
Super Far🎶🎶
late night ab to be live tonight 🤫
Crossed 9K Tweets 😊 Thala Fans Are In VERI Mode 😊 Everything For My Dear Thala 😍  ||  ||
● BTS is my life ● 3🐣 CHIM CHIM 🐣
LMAOOOO. US EVERYTIME IT COMES ON. also read the replies because they’re us too😂😂😂
Side part or middle part 🤔🤔🤔
Enter to win a exclusive, autographed polaroids from +   📸
It’s crazy how much traffic 285 be having 🤦🏾‍♀️
Dr.Subramanian Swamy's Rare Video 💥 On 10.2.1977 Janata Party was Released Election Manifesto and Dr.Subramanian Swamy S…
Every night I lie in bed the brightest colors fill my head. A million dreams are keeping me awake ❤️
😂😂 cheers mush, si thi soon
171231 pit a pat 🌀🌀🌀
🔥BREAKING!🔥 PRE-ORDER  NOW TO BOOST THE SALES! English sites (All are counted!): 1. Ktown4u: …
Being a side chick ba go treat so 😭
At the airport ready to fly back home - I don’t want to leave NYC! 😭 Hopefully we’ll be back soon.... 👋🏻🗽 …
Carne Argentina 😏😆
JIN just cut his OWN bangs — and did a surprisingly good job 😱 …
Change of scenery 🛫🏔 ..
If you have chance to watch funny movie with Chanyeol, what do you think he will do during the whole 2 hrs? 😝
I’m dyinggggggg lmao I finally got it right in rehearsal yesterday 🙌🏾🙏🏾🙌🏾 we’ll see ..... 🙊
180217 Bi WenJun @ Position Battle Recording 🎬 (2/2) cr. YoooBiiiii_1121毕雯珺     https…
The words of this Syrian child have left me speechless 😔💔 Listen to the heartbreaking plea of this young girl besieged i…
🔆 Astro - Sanha 🔆 - rt if u save - do not repost/edit - cr to the owners Aly 💫
💟 Wrestling is about as real as the last name of Renee from WWE. (25 Photos) 🍓
Phoenix tonight, LA Sunday, San Diego on Monday... Let’s gooooooooo 🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼 Tix @ …
''The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog'' [fanart]   I love his choker so much ;v; ✨ …
😇Follow me and everyone who retweet this
Gonna start up the 12 hour stream soonnnnn 💙
🚨⬇️🚨⬇️🚨⬇️🚨 are 22K+ behind  voting rate. Please Tweet / RT faster ARMY.
Lets make it happen mentally back! 💪🏽
hell of a round 👏🙌
Our Matte Pink “Deliciously Dacadent” Lipstick is definitely have you sitting pretty💄💄💄. Shop…
I text slow as hell w my left hand. Feeling retarded nShit 😂
There will be lots more concerts in the future. 💕 you do have a packed schedule. The invite is always open.
So pretty!!! 💘💘
Doing a following spree :) Thumbs up my new video and tweet me a photo using  😜: …
Instagram doesn’t fw me as much as twitter does 😂
[ stay tuned 2018.02.27     🔗 …
Fuk Xanax 🎹
Woah! ❤️
And my shit is proper crispy rn🔥😂🤷🏾‍♂️
You everrrr had a bitch that try to fw EVERY nigga you ever fw 😩🤦‍♀️ like damn bitch you really like leftovers 🤨
LA here we go🎡✈️
Bruhhhhhh let it be multiplayer like Fun Run &amp; it’s over 😭
I know cause you often touch mine 🙃
LaVar wasn't playing. It’s going down this summer 👀  (via
What state y’all in?🙃
Happy birthday to the boy who knows my heart from the inside ❤️
Join &amp; Play Our Fun Tag! With Guest Host 🎉
Don't stand in your own way. 💭
Cyber bullying needs to be stopped 😔
Big game in San Antonio!  🚀 🏀 Tip-off 7:00PM 📺 📻 / 850AM (Spanish) 💻 …
Happy new year! My 2018 starts today. January was a great free trial month 😂
👏👏👏 good ol days
When you fuck her and she ends up running all over your room saying "I can't take it no more babe and it feels like deja vu"😆
Maturity is so attractive 🖤
COMPARTILHE! ✔ Brazil SFE®
s/o to my boyfriend for getting me the ride or die perfume ❤️
A large crowd of people protesting at the entrance gates of the GOP retreat. Beautiful. ❤️👊🇺🇸
you only know you're the best if you beat the best 😙
21, but the Army got my body feeling like it’s 30 🤦🏻‍♂️
Time to get excited!!🎉📚
Cardi B in the new Alexa commercial has me WEAAAAKKK 😂😂😂
Rose McGowan on her former Charmed co-star Alyssa Milano. Whack. 👊🏽
So bloody happy with life at the moment 😝👏🏻
I liked a video DOMO ADDRESSES THE GIRL WHO SAYS THEY HOOKED UP 👀
Hi 😄 I'm doing very good thanks 😀😁 I'm going to Finland next week, I am so excited 😍😍😍 How are you doing 🙂
More Followers? 🥑 Like Retweet Follow
- Racing 🏇🏼 - Darts 🎯 - Football ⚽️ 12/1 MIXED 4️⃣FOLD! DEPOSIT £10 &amp; PLAY WITH £50 HERE &gt;…
MAD ETHNIC RIGHT NOW✨✊🏾🇪🇹🇪🇷
Jungkookie oppa 🌞
You know what would be cool! If and announced awards 😉
1: Retweet this✅🎒 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet✅🎒 3: Follow back all that follow you✅🎒 4: Gain with  🔥
Can't wait to hear your new musics! We're so excited! 🔊🎶
and  releases more wedding photos with "Dazed And Confused"! 😍🐎☀️ D-1 til the big day!! 💒 htt…
The new Mario Kart looks amazing 😂
The BRAND NEW   Giveaway starts NOW ✨📚 Enter to  YOUR CHOICE of Light Trilogy novel,…
YEAY😭
Watch the once in a lifetime moment when our 777 crosses the ‘Super Blue Blood Moon’ in Dubai. © Patricia Me…
Do you ever go shopping on your day off and think, why aren’t all of you at work 😂
thank you!😀
1️⃣🆒🆙📶→ NASTY AWAKENING : &amp; ⎥📽 ⎥📆FEB①⎥
kpop fans be like ' i wanna succ baby jimins cow tiddys 😣💦 ' bitch thats a human being with feelings …
Blessed 😜
I'm fighting sleep for what reason? 🤔
If you are going out tonight.. dont forget to leave the keys at home! Stay safe, have fun. We’ll be your ride😺🚙
jin💋 AWAKE
HullCity: HullCity harrywilson_ Good luck buddy 🙌
✨ fansupport for  ✨ - giving FREE TRANSPARENT PHOTOCARDS on 03/03! - selling fansupport packs too!! - details in…
Grand central station! 😍
Nah mine would be Patel 😉
WHO DID THIS?!??? 💀💀💀💀💀
Never 🙄❤️
DM for Promotion 💰💰 Services include -Snapchat -YouTube -SoundCloud -Twitter -Active Followers -RT’s -Twitch -Likes -I…
It's like 2 in 1 moment which once had attacked me 😍😍😍
happy birthday H! Enjoy your day 🎈 x
Oh yeah! My friend works there and told me all that 😂😂 I mainly want them so I don’t have to wear mascara anymore!
No caption needed 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 NAMJOON DAY
Announcement Tomorrow!   💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥 I’m doin it!
...🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️ OG won head to head...
It’s February 1st, which means my diet starts today and ends in time for spring break 😎🌊 LET’S GET IT 💪🏿  🏋🏽‍♀️
💔so sorry .... wishes for a  Alfie🐾
Every time I put too many clothes in the washer it makes my whole house shake like I'm on a roller coaster 😅😅
Can we please take a moment 😂
happy birthday !! hope your day is as sweet as you! 💓💕💘
Just ordered mines! Sooooo excited to get them in the mail and smell amazing!!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍🔥
More LWs are headed to Brooklyn! 🌃 and join April's  card.
kisses ❤️😍
LiL Rave Speaks {Alter Ego} 🌊
Follow everyone who retweets this🍕
rt this to gain jungkook stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🙏🏼
TWITTER WHAT'S GOOD?! A shadowban is not gonna stop me lol👊 Hey ARMY! Let's keep voting hard💪
closing this juvias place giveaway today! make sure to see tweet attached to the one below 💖
Roda game btts over evens now ⚽⚽⚽
BIG M😛😛D
More Followers? 🍃 Like Retweet Follow
One of the few mistakes committed by him🙃🙃🙃really sad fr dhawan
Yes yes yes  This was me 😂😂😂
That’s me!!! 😊
OH YEAH!!    NAMJOON DAY MY BEST FAM ARMYs! ❤❤❤🌹🌹🌹
Sky didn't disappoint tonight 😋📸
Me: * sees caution sign and walks slower* Massa: Why you slow down ?😠 Me: The sign says caution M…
MORE THAN 1 MILLION TWEETS ABOUT NAMJOON DAY 👏🏻👏🏻 YOU DOING GREAT ARMY ! 💜 KEEP TWEETING AND DON’T FORGET THE HASHTAGS 🔥 L…
i love you !! ❤️❤️❤️
Every purchase saves homeless dogs 😍 Save the dogs at
Happy Birthday to one of my favourite people on earth 🎉🎉 23 was pretty spectacular with your first film, solo…
I couldn't believe what I was seeing when i pulled up next to these three amidst a snowstorm.. ❄❄❄🌸🌸🌸🐾🐾🐾💕💕💕🐕🐕🐕 …
Chapter 10 trailer coming in one hour... 👀
Had a WW tied up in his house for a week &amp; was burning her with crack pipes. 🙁
Dear diary: I spent all day with a smile on my face because of these two 😍❤️... and this sounds like I should get a life as…
Thailand 🇹🇭
Uplift a nigga, shit you might be all he got shorty 😏
Did someone kick out of the show?! Omo 😂
"I’m a dandelion, you’re a four-leaf clover..." 🌹🍀
Bestt dayyy😂😍
FACE YOURSELF I LOVE BTS 👑
The fact that you answered even tho you were in the shower was great 😂❤️
to about 2008, i think 🤔 why so serious mate 😉😂
Your all access pass is here 🎙❤️💋 Go behind the scenes at the &amp; Spring '18 Campaign featuring
Facetimed my mom and she didn't pick up Tried again and she declined my call Thanks pal 🙄🙄
PLEASE RT - 💔🆘 HELP FIND MISSING OLIVE 💔🆘 STOLEN  Female apricot Spaniel Cross. 🙏 Join Olive's FB group https:…
Yhuuu... I'd die 4 times 😦😩😭
Thanks for shedding some light on the matter😉
Naw I am crying 😭😭😭😭
So my dog didn’t just make a move on my boyfriend? 🤨
😲He’s a misinformed yet articulate child. The person asking the misleading questions -trying to create a fal…
Really hoping I can get that Plat 2 today! 😄
🍃🖤 ThreesomeThursday
So daddy just hooked me up with .5 $btc ! Thank You 💕 But one of the rules is I have to giveaway 0.1 btc... 😒 Soo
Morning people 🌎
💜 NAMJOON DAY 💜
happy birthday H! Enjoy your day 🎈 x
Hope you all enjoyed me and first performance of  on 🙏
bless ❣❣❣
This tape got too many fresh verses I promise you, this one’s called “TRO_PIC”🙌🏻🙌🏻
BTS 📸 Please do not re-post the full video. Watch it on this link 📺:
this go crazy 🤧
No problem proud of you 😊
That said, it can be useful 2 list what u do &amp; don't know ~ X, even if filling in all the blanks is not ur goal. 😊
"my so called friend" is always busting my balls.🤔
I’m crying 😭
Cardi B in the new Alexa commercial has me WEAAAAKKK 😂😂😂
‼️OUR RATE IS FALLING ‼️ DON’T DEPEND ON OTHER ARMYS!! VOTE MANY TIMES YOURSELF!! PUT THE HASHTAGS IN YOUR TWEETS✅
currently has 3 songs on that have surpassed 1B streams. Which is your fave? 🎶 h…
⏬Fuck with Me at 🔽 💥🔥😍🤩 porn Cupox sex Hhhoneys xxx Video Sexy nsfw Animation video C1R Fo…
if i had a nigga🤷🏽‍♀️
I WILL FAM 😘
⚠️ARMY VOTE FOR BTS ON KPOP STAR APP (GAON)! ⚠️ 11.02 -5h LEFT for today's vote FACE YOURSELF
Can + Mane + Wijnaldum = latest  🎶 An impromptu rap battle, plenty of questions and their own unique rendition of our…
Sweet coffee ☕️
says 100% I am Back with Bang To 😎😎❣️❣️
You right. 😱😱😱 Oh god, I'm even more excited now. ♥
Many knetz are commenting iKON (아이콘) in the comments for Kangta's Starry Night Radio~ 😆😊😊💕
Happy birthday my guy ✊🏾 🙏🏾💯
I’ll pass maybe y’all can show them..they don’t deserve my love 💁🏽‍♀️💁🏽‍♀️
[ NAMJOON DAY ] rt if u love seokjin , follow whoever rts 💜
Cardi B in the new Alexa commercial has me WEAAAAKKK 😂😂😂
WOAH 😭😍🔥
Sooooo Pretty!!!😊💛
Okay i'm ready 👀
I feel like Malcom x I’m peepin out the blinds 👁
What’s going on in Brownsville 🤔
Cardi B in the new Alexa commercial has me WEAAAAKKK 😂😂😂
her smile is my favorite✨❤️ PRETTYYYY!!😍😍
The  don't live forever ... the  don't  at all. INHALE THE GOOD SH*T ... EXHALE THE BULLSH*T‼️
little do you know that I know. snake. 🤧
this is the greatest thing this is perfect i am crying 😂😭
My girl discovery has LITERALLY changed my life... I love love love my new bod!🔥Check out her story in my bio…
If your mom ain't having a good day, the whole house ain't having a good day 😂
✨✨- wassup young . U cuteee or whatever
ARMY 🔔 If any Radio Stations 🌎 are doing polls / requesting hours (View / playing please remember…
Well done, well done all! 🎉🎉🎉🎉
BTS: Love yourself Bighit: Face yourself ARMY: Love Myself Antis: Drag Myself 🗣️
I honestly didn’t even notice them 🤷‍♂️
Cardi B in the new Alexa commercial has me WEAAAAKKK 😂😂😂
I'm not jealous at all.🙃
It really be like that sometimes 😩 even with your own hyungs 🤧
Who says girls can’t play... 🔥🔥
They’re everywhere 🤦🏽‍♂️ it’s the only thing I can think of doing now lol
Love Our Environment 🌱🐠🌍🦋🌞💦🌱☀️First Thursday is in full swing! Using recyclables materials to create incredible works of heAR…
😂 When You Haven’t Been At Your Grandma House!😂😷 ft Lil Johnny &amp; Mama Resa!
🎼 She a mad bitch if she ain't fuckin' with me, suck dick. What up sis? 🎧🎧🎧🎧🎧🎧🎧🎧🎧🎧🎧
If you don’t fuck with triple stack PB&amp;Js.... you need too 😂
just another Rihanna appreciation post 💗
😂😂 I bet it does
😀😀used to do that sometimes back
I'm riding shotgun in the work truck while all the grown ass man are in the back 😏
Fortnite Be Like! 😂
Who could forget that screamer 😱💥 🗓  in 2006 Daniel Agger made his debut for the Reds...
FRIDAY. To the 🔝📺
ISO someone to go with me to Fifty Shades Freed😅
Our New Year Sale Is coming To A Close today! 😰 To Celebrate, The Next 50 Customers will receive Free Products! *Just…
/agust d voice/ g-give it to me‼️
I think I’m in love with 😭❤️❤️❤️❤️
a night at the beach 🌝🌊
It always confuses me when people sit in a wheelchair and scoot themselves with their own feet. 🤔🤔🤔
ATTENTION ALL RECRUITS🚨 stop all the corny commitment tactics cause you will get yo ah roasted in the locker room once y…
i did not have to bust my ass helping my tio set up the convention for massore☠️
How I feel after voting for  for  🚀
Lynda Zebo 2 Cancer 0 1 proud family 🖤
i kissed her and she smiled 😍
A warm welcome to Natalie Auble, the newest member of the Panthers! 🐾 🐾 ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️
Is that 3 or 2? 🏀
New shots for 📸
lovely lunch today 😎
John Cena posted BTS related content again on his Instagram. This time he posted the Mic Drop cover 🎤
👉 PussySyndicate 👈 ✨ 👈 ✨ 👈 ✨ 👈 ✨ 👈 ✨ 👈 ✨ 👈 ✨ 👈 ✨
Challenging all EXO-Ls. Let's get 1200 RT &amp; 1200 Replies     PENGUIN SOO 🐧 htt…
Eagles coach Doug Pederson caught a beer with one hand 😂 (via
You also Joanne, whats for sweet today. Yesterday was fruit and jelly  😂 xxx
rt this to gain jimin stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 😇
Lol All comments in the top mention Yoona!!!! 😂
"this is why i can't try new things with my dogs" im crying😂💀
💕🐻 1 retweet = 1 vote    Nini Bear
channeling this season 😂😭 that competition gets to your head so hard. My respects to the…
We have something special for someone who is our 1000 like next time we share the page! 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 …
I can’t believe this picture is real, so grateful for yesterday ❤️❤️❤️
‼️‼️Watch‼️‼️ 🙄ANOTHER SNIPPET OF STUNNING🙄 😤😤😤LIBERAL IDIOCY😤😤😤 Do They Even Here What They"re Saying? 🤣CAN'T…
one with one of da 4.0 god 💯
Nigguhs got hit by a Nascar Pit crew🤣🤣🤣
Petty 😂😂😂😂
Hello, rabbit momma. 🐰
This cow is the *coolest*. For thank you so much for commissioning me! 💙
Hi I made a song about my current emotional status 🙂 leave a like and subscribe!
Thank God you blew it, Thank God I dodged the bullet 😓
Reading facebook comments has made me stronger 💪🏼 ... ... ... and also dumber 😆🤣😉😜😱
Yay...  tomorrow 😀🐶
JUNGKOOK DAY |  for  at  ❤️ Hey, Jungkook~ what are you listening to? Jungkook:…
pacoxchan update with    Press Conference In HK❤️🐼🎥 Congrats!!! 👏🏻👏🏻👍🏻👍🏻
[VLIVE] 180208 Woohyun received a call from Sunggyu but he didn't pick up 😂 He said he will call him later.
The visual definition of "you cant take black ppl nowhere" 😭
O Boi, Money good o. Thank God for Sanchez life 🙏🏿 As e don migrate from Lagoon to Old Trafford, na so so enjoyment 😁…
This Shows that How Much Bro is the Great fan of  Anna 😍😎 Lovely ❤😍 https://…
⚫⚫⚫ WELCOME in MTF 😄😘💋 🔥🔥🔥DONT WAIT, JUMP IN! Hook up hot man ass for love &amp; sex.        👉 🔥🔥🔥🔥 http…
2 Chainz goes crazy on "DNA" beat 😩🔥
Celebrating love😍 Please use the tag  and post in your edits/wishes for our favorite couple💙❤️ https:/…
Sum quick shit 💯🔥 Dont think Im not working 😂😴 I got enough music to drop 2 tapes rn  Im just cooking up 🤐
a movie thats truly made its mark in the society and one of 's best movies till date 👍👍 I dr…
New &amp; me These My BATTLESCARS🖤
Demi Lovato kicking snow in her face has me crying 😂😭
AHH MY HEART IS SO HAPPY!! HES SO PERFECT!!! 😭😍
the girls got in trouble and there goes tux letting them free 🙄
I need something done to my hair 😩
Do you know who your real friends are? 🙄
Nolan your so awesome being in Uncharted Ape escape and Saints row 4 your a great actor😁😃
Finally I can get full sets regularly and get all the piercings I want 🤪
Enter our latest competition to  a Revival Uno Portable Radio. A perfect gift for your valentine! ❤️…
They did it again! 👏👏  is finally here! Ahem, introducing  ✈️ It's THIS simple! 1. Un…
🤔 I'm so lost. help translate
its 3 in the morning and im wanting something i can’t get 🙄😤
rt if u a girl and not doing us like this😤
When he's read fanchant .. really chaotic 🤣🤣 RM KOYA    …
My mom definitely supports my coffee addiction 😂
FINGERS BLUE FEATURING 🔥🌵🧛🏾‍♂️
Prepare to be the center of attention 😉 Read why thinks Lava Red is the best of the bunch! …
Hello Mariestellers!! 💕
Hello, I love you 🖤
🐐 and 🐐jr.
I swore I'd never fall again... but this don't even feel like falling 😍.
I feel the Love man but zip that jacket up GO BIG RED 🌽🔴⚪️
Tonight Mood 😁
AYOOOOO LOOK AT MY GIRL LIBBY 🔥👏🏾
20 k FALLOWERS Thx ❤️😘❤️😘
Lol I saw that on Monday only like 3 people clapped sauinhvthey enjoyed his performance 😂😂
Chance to Win a bottle of Sweet Violet gin for your sweetheart, like &amp; retweet by Feb 9th 💕💕
🎥Watch The Duke explain how and The Royal Foundation's Cyberbullying Taskforce created Stop Speak Supp…
holy shit this is huge.... I think it’s cute.... maybe? idk 😳
Vince carter still got it 😳😳
hello dave hows you mate ,hope alls well👍
My math professor just sent this email out to the class 😂
good morning y’all 👇🏽😂👇🏽
Challenging all EXO-Ls. Can we get 8K RTs? Let's go 🐻💪     NINI BEAR https://t…
Thaaal, bobo. 💙
This is the closure we all needed ♥️
Welcome to the family 😂👏🏽
[ Ep.557｜ -  ♪ World No.1 KPOP Chart Show M COUNTDOWN  ▶ https://t.…
🔘 ᴮᴵᶜᴱᴺᵀᴱᴺᴺᴵᴬᴸ ᴷ 🔘 🍀
this is how a leader act always. Lots of respect to you IK.👍 leaders leads by examples.
Welcome to the land boi ☺️
Second best picture so far. Except for the plastic bag. 😂
My friend looking forward to the industry. 👏🏼Her employer might be a retweet away.
M4A1-S | Mecha Industries FT $12 😍Follow Me + 🚨RT, LIKE &amp; TAG 2 👉Ends in 24 hours!!…
The final time IT wore a Cavs uni 😬
those curls 😍😍😍
on his trade: “Don’t go 0-6 or they’ll trade yo a**” 😂😂
😂😂😂 my friend just found his girlfriend on tinder...what a wow.
rt this tweet + follow if you have never won from me! 🙊 I might slide in your dms with a surprise!
RT: Serving medical and healthcare community 🏥 in the NOVA/DC area.
Was it a hotmail? 🔥
Constantly asking myself why I live in such a cold place 🤦🏼‍♀️
Up early for “Timing Is Everything” video shoot today 💪🏽
LiS - Road trip by Ezekh -
JDBSIDIDID THANK U ILY 💞
Are you retarded!? It's down every month 😂
Game. On. 🏀
New video will be up soon! Catch up on our recent vids! 💘
And so i tried to draw taetae 😂😅 Never been into portrait but oh well 😂😂    https…
Watch it: Katie and Sally's dream is to have a man... 👻Add me on snapchat: imdreamgirl 👻
Got them boats😭
Let the Overwatch  celebration...begin! Here's to happiness, prosperity, good fortune, and great fun. 🎆🏮…
**Most Items Free** ⏰ SALE ENDS AT MIDNIGHT ⏰ I love this store! Shop Now 👉 …
ARMY 💜 Let's keep voting for as much as we can 🔥 Tweet and retweet to vote !
➡️ NEED FOLLOWERS?? ☑RT &amp; LIKE THIS🔥 ☑FOLLOW ALL🔥 ☑FOLLOWBACK🔥 ☑GAIN FOLLOWERS🔥 🎱 🍃🌹 🌹🍃 🍃🌹
Anyone have any collective nouns for a group of orchids? 🤔
I’m just hurt smh 💔
Mario movie lookin real good rn 😫👌
Sunshine at night time 🌞🌜 [ RM KOYA ]
Kinda disappointed that you walked back in to my life and now you’re gone again🤷🏽‍♀️
Bro, was you Phone in the house or you ran out with it? 🤥😑
You miss my  🦋 🦋      Have a grea…
bts ! i especially like blood sweat &amp; tears 😩
The guy is probably dead by now. From my experience with  they've most likely executed him. Sad 😔
What’s understood ain’t gotta be explained 🤫
Y’all act like this wasn’t a thing. You did lose the Super Bowl to Brady before 😂
Check out Jose Mourinho’s reaction when Sir Alex Ferguson tells him to pick Scott McTominay more often. Brilliant. 😂  [re…
Cole Sprouse is aesthetically pleasing 🌸
Omg 😱😱😱xx
👁Watch best amateur videos only at 👉 ⏯️ ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Pretty smart kid here. 👇👇👇👇👇
i kissed her and she smiled 😍
Amazing 😂 Eagles fans help CB Sidney Jones find his lost phone by taking selfies on his Instagram account during their…
We found Mike 😂😂😂😂
Donald Glover for Esquire Magazine photographed by David Burton ❤️
I'm obsessed with elephants! 🐘🙌😍
I always knew i won't ever have that effort i ever did - from you. ☺️
Our pleasure 🙌🏻
Now that’s some serious fandom 😂
I could use prayers , thank you in advance! ❤ hugs
Woah! 😂
She looks so happy 😍
These memes are killing me 😂😂😂
Spot the odd one out...  fans may want to avoid this 👀😂
This cat's getting ready for Valentine's Day... 🐱😋
But, but, but ... Feel like Bart Simpson! Too many buts! 😂
Wtf goin on wit Blitter they beefed up😂
💡Retweet This Fast 💡 💡Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet 💡Follow back all that follow you 💡Go   💡Go
HUGE thank you to aka the sole reason I’m graduating ;) s/o Mrs. Donohue ❤️❤️❤️
It me. 😂😂😂
Bitcoin Cash $BCH price: $1154.70 Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked! 🚀 💎 ➡️…
Thanks🙏🙏🙏
🌷 📓📕📗 📓📕📗   💚i5💌…
Sounds like a “Seinfeld” episode. 🤔
Apparently I can’t hang out with other gay guys at a party. I get too fucking jealous 😅
1: Retweet this✅🍔 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet✅🍔 3: Follow back all that follow you✅🍔 4: Gain with
I see Schneiderman is wearing his cape again today to work. 😍😍
Do you know a young person who loves space? Their innovative ideas for the use of 🛰️ data could win them a cash prize and e…
How they fucking celebrate goals over in Paraguay...😂
U gone have haters even wen u doin bad baby stay focused 😘💯
Weh i miss this 😭😭😭😭
Greatt❤ we are always here for youu. Okay?
Wow, it should be fun with them!!👍
This glunt is the best thing I’ve ever smoked out of Thanks Save 60% using code “2K18FEB” 🤖 …
🤪💛 Imy ): You’re so pretty and I hope you’re doing good💕💘💞
Retweet 😽Some retweeters will get a private pic 😺in their DM’s 😛
Simple yes or no poll ladies! (Obviously for scientific purposes 😁) Have you ever let a guy eat your unwashed ass or do…
Mark: Did Steele tell you this? 👇 Liberal hypocrite.
well done 👏 but im emotional rn bcs of the thumbnail they chose.....aaaaa EXO-M 😭😭😭
My week on Twitter 🎉: 66 Mentions, 138 Likes, 14 Retweets, 36.5K Retweet Reach, 57 Replies. See yours with…
Cover Her Booty With Your Thumb , That Hoe Look Like A Crack Head 😂😂😂 Try it
see now we have a problem 😂😂
🐝 BOOKING ↪ 📌 TB 165 / BB 69 / Bra 41B 📌 Avail Bandung 📌 Dm - Mention 📌 Expo
The biggest bubble in crypto today is in conferences 😂😂😂 - I really can’t keep up!
oh god🤔
WOW CONGRATULATIONS TO SHARON ON BREAKING THE 10k BARRIER! 👏👏🎊🎊🎉🎉 A must follow! Why you ask? Because of her sense of…
Chanyeol patted the mannequin's shoulder😂
Blac Youngsta flexing with $2,000,000 in cash 😳
Goodnight elif 💗👋
Today's schedule is finish 🐌
Y'all hearing this from me first, ace family is hitting 5M saturday if I get it correct👀 I can tell the future y'all🤫🙏🏻💙.…
Think you bout to lil boy me 🤣
been saying for months I want to the start the gym but no one will start it with me 😩annoying
They are too funny😂😂😂
Signed. Come on everyone sign this 👇🏻. It takes 1 minute
us girls find out EVERYTHING.. on accident and on purpose 🤣🤷🏽‍♀️
So lucky😱
Home alone 😩
DONE 😥😥❤❤❤❤
I just reached 20k followers and to celebrate I am throwing a🎈 grow the  Change is from the botto…
My Next Move Gonna Be A Fuck You Me And My Boo Big Chillin💯🤪💍
Says you. 😝
[BAEK-HYUN] Olympic fans are awesome! ❤      …
🧖‍♀️A good wife is someone who will make you a better man. She will inspire you to be happy and healthy, physically, men…
Should be soon 😅
And me 😊
baby yoongi asks u to vote 🐱👶
Last night was wild, just woke up 🤒🤒
🍏 Gut Knife | Gamma Doppler Giveaway * Winner in 24 hours! …
Litty 😂
It's 2️⃣nd v 4️⃣th in the on Sunday... Here's everything you need to know ⬇️
📝 REPORT: second-half goals from and Steve Mounié seal a vital three points for  in a 2-1 victory over…
[GIF] 180225 That POWERful smile from Kyungsoo at the  ©️aesop_do
I can already sense he’s gonna be known as the “guy with the choker” 😭😭😭  …
wooohhhoooo my sons break another record! proud momma here 😎
Donghyuk shouted "iKONIC!!!!!!!!!!!" 😭😭😭😭😭😭
This K-pop  party isn't stopping! 😍
Kathryn Bernardo is the real definition of BEAUTY ✨🔥
- ( KOOKIE KOOKIE 3️⃣
What a fantastic K-pop finale from 😍
Stream any tracks from ‘Love Yourself: Her’ and share your screenshots below! Let us know where you’re from! ⤵️ Make sur…
Omg why am i crying so hard 😂
long live the new king, bts. 🙏🏻
Credits to - Maine wearing for the  launch ✨✨✨
I don't take nothing back what I've said today poch you got out of jail today 😡😡😡😡
Fact: 🚨 One Direction was, is and always will be the best boyband in the world!! 🚨
Beach day with bae ☀️
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this😜 Siga todos que RT e FAV esse tweet😜
Types of fans?🤔
🙌🏻I-EXOL, Please read this.🙌🏻
LOL sunggyu said it's his sister's birthday tomorrow!! he's releasing his album on his sister's birthday 😂
Exo :*performing growl* Me : 👇👇👇👇👇👇
- ( 🚨↘️ BTS FACEYOURSELF ↘️🚨
Austin Accelerator Sputnik ATX Picks Four Startups for First Class  - 🚀 Grow your…
is trending  in the US! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
lovin' it! 💙
💎ROUND 2💎 📣Get this tweet to 950 replies in less than 35 minutes!📣 🚨 is still voting faster! Remember that this is b…
Dickhead MARZ dissed a legendary song "mic drop" that reach RIAA GOLD.😂 what an irrelevant and dumb move.😂
Rest in peace sree mam...😢😢😢
Such a lovely flatchest ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bouta be knocked out 😴😴😴
Coming soon 🤣 Cr. Owner..
Jimin was so cute 😂 i was about to reply his tweet but I cant. And i found that he posted it again. Protect this mochi…
🚫GiveawayTime🛇 I'm excited to be doing My first Giveaway on twitter!🤗So all you have to do is retweet this post &amp; i'll be p…
You know be talkin that bullshit when glances at the cam for a sec at the end 😭😭😭
LIVE 🚨 EMERGENCY BROADCAST 2/24/18 ► ALEX JONES RESPONDS TO CNN TRYING T... via
We run this show! 🔥
171208 Wings Tour Final Day 1     Smile,all the time forever😃😄😁😀
I like ppl try so hard to be me, I appreciate that I have that much of an influence 😤😫
[D.O.] I loved this. ❤
It’s freezing in this house 😭
WTF IS EVEN GOING ON IN FORTNITE ANYMORE 😂😂
When you think of giving up, think why you started it. 💪😉
Bye world night labs💓😘
ARMY REMEMBER THIS ?!?! Please vote  for the  at the  🙏 Who knows, maybe we'll get another one o…
🙆‍♀️BTS…
Lookin gorgeous and beautiful💋❤💙💚💛💜
☑️Pac Sun champion tee ☑️adidas joggers ☑️vans checkered slip ons ☑️waterproof hair gel ☑️4.3k insta followers Ight w…
📸CANDIDS | at LAX Airport in LA - February 24th 2018 |
🇺🇸Good Morning Patriots🇺🇸 Freedom has a nice ring to it and a bit of recoil. Let Freedom ring! PROTECT your  rig…
Secondary Building its Dreamy Standing Room only-
Morning talks with mama Elsa are the best. Love ya ma. Thanks for all your advice this morning 💛
I had to look it up, so I guess my cover's blown 😆
INVISIBLE PEOPLE Created by Those Folks that Scream they care but Do Not ➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖ 🎯🎬🎥Watch 200 Caring Democrats…
Man United 2-1 Chelsea Man United Goal scorer vs Chelsea Lukaku Lingard 😂😂😂 😂😂😂 😂😂😂 😂😂😂 😂😂😂 😂😂😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😂😂😂…
Vans out here doing their thing ‼️
MatriMandir Core of Peace and Enthusiasm Feeled with MahaRishi Energy Wow What a Picture👌👌👌
Maine Mendoza • ☀️ and 🌙
🚨  is closing the gap for this hour’s vote rate! We gotta increase our votes once again! 🚨 MASS VOTE ⤵️
lots of love ❤
oof i deleted my tweets and i’m coming off private olivia is gonna. Move On™️
📈 is  on this week (-1). Congratulations and 🙌🏼 - 25/2 https:…
I don't like corn bread 🤷🏾‍♀️
💦  TIME 💦 FLW/RT for the chance to  a BRILLIANT washing machine AND a Vanish Hamper! Competition ends 8am 2…
Dear CARL, The afterlife is not too bad! The Concerts are 🔥 &amp; all the cans of pudding you can eat! Best part, no WALK…
When you’ve got a layover, you take advantage of the photo ops- and people who aren’t looking😳📸🛩
Lmaoooo 😂 I’m serious I be saying this shit all the time! Like damn why couldn’t I have been raised wrong 😂😂😂
KOOKIE KOOKIE is still trending worldwide🌎 with 4,280,000 tweets🔥 ➡Let's aim for 5M tweets!🙏  is also trending WW and…
ARMYYYYYYYY WE REALLY ARE CLOSE TO GETTING 5M TWEETS in 5H!!. ONLY 500K AWAY!!! KEEP VOTING BABY‼️😍🔥🔥🔥👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👩🏻‍💻👩🏻‍💻🗣🗣🗣🗣…
For everyone that don’t have my instagram 😂😂 I was soo gone after surgery excuse the cussing .. taking down tomorrow d…
🎶You are my sunshine, my only sunshine You make me happy when skies are gray You'll never know dear, how much I love you…
Haaayyy, Kirsten 😌  Alam Na This by Kisses Delavin
hope your all talking good care of Myles 😘
I’ve literally been crying at this for 4 hours. I can’t deal😭😂 if this doesn’t make you happy, nothing will. …
if i said fuck u, i meant dat.🤪🤷🏿‍♀️
Kaptaan and sir 😎😎 A promising click :)
🍒PussyOfTheDay🍒
so proud of you all❤️
Beating... ✨❤️
Thanks for the ride, Ghana. Now Nairobi-bound. 🇬🇭 ✈️ 🇰🇪
Fuuuck you’re one hot as fuck Husky 😈😈🐾🐾
What a glorious day for a game of rugby! ☀️🏉 30 mins until kick-off here at the Madejski Stadium 💪☘️
Congratulations 👏🏻
😮  is going to be tweeting from the account - Tweets from  will have the following hashtags/mention
Let’s get KOOKIE KOOKIE TO a million 🔥💜 always tag ‼️ It helps them I’m currently streaming MIC DROP..hoping for…
I got Regina George. I pretty much expected that 🤷🏽‍♀️
Oh no.....  😭 the flame...is out.
EXO | NATION'S PICK 🇰🇷
🔥To Gain Followers🔥 ➊ Follow Me⚡️⚠✔ ➋ Like &amp; RT This💥🔥✅ ➌ Follow Everyone Who Like This♻✔️ ➍ RT and I Follow Back Fast…
OMG if this is real 😭😭😭😍😍😍😍
We can never do the “stare into each other eyes” pose without laughing and being goofy 😂❤️
🌿🍋🌱.*・.°‥ May happiness lead your life always … Good morning to all Start a…
y’all act like we supposed to be surprised nba hit his girlfriend we already knew and she keep going back to him so 🤷🏾‍♀️
Yall quick to tell ppl McDonald's is unhealthy. Sis.. what about that relationship you in 🤔McStupid ass Bitch
I hate when you like someone but, they keep taking forever to reply back🙄 like FUCKKKK!!!!
i have ss 🤪
Gut Knife | Tiger Tooth 🔪🧡 -RT -Follow -Enable notifications on our Twitter GL 🤞
- ( KOOKIE KOOKIE 6️⃣
Should we start using the hashtag again then? 😄
It was historical 🥇🥈🥉haul for  at
Via IG Story in set in Miami with (24/2) 👌🏽
i never talk about exo here but i'm so proud of all of them 😢
i hate waking up out my sleep..😴
I Just Overthink Way Too Fucking 💜❤️💝💖💘💙🖤💛💙💛🧡💚💚🧡 much…
Willian trying to sneak a look at the United note is the funniest thing you'll see today 😂
Yesssss girl you are right 💟💟💟
ARMYS! ARE YOU READY FOR  WE ONLY HAVE TO WAIT 5 DAYS MORE 🙌🏻 KOOKIE KOOKIE  BTS
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (12:45am - 1:45am) 1. BTSARMY - 931.1K+ ↘️…
😬 It's official, you're a crazy dude! But yes, he signed up!
Welcome 👋👋
Junior Day Was Great  🔵⚪️ Edit: 🔥
Cuteeee 😭
Thank you for always supporting me, my FC ❤️
I hate sleeping alone🙄
Do you love the Philippines 🇵🇭??
Dont get drawn in. It’s your account and the world is still pretty free. Keep banging out the tunes girl.👍🏼
Only about 400 Shazams away from 850K y'all it's definitely time to party! ⚡️SHAZAM PARTY NOW⚡️ REPLY WITH ⤵️⤵️⤵️: - MIC…
Americans 🤦🏾‍♀️
Waiting for Arsenal Fan TV tonight...😅
Yes Spains hero Alonso to test tomorrow.Cant wait to be back at one of my fave tracks cheering this man on in May.❤👍
Get onto it drake also PLEASE get for 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
he may not show up when you want him, but he’s always right on time 🤞🏾❤️. My Mom is CANCER FREE
⚠️ATTENTION Vets/Resisters⚠️ needs our help against  Duty calls! Follow
Price vs punishment biggy 😂
Less than 300k until 5M!!! ~🐙 KOOKIE KOOKIE
the rest of the “why are you running” scene has me in tears 😂😂
EXO is currently  on Naver Hot Search. Kai at 2 and D.O at 4 👑👑👑🎉😭
😍 Number 1 Trending Topic Nationwide! 😙 1.45 Million + Tweet counts. 💋 Sold out and fully paid concert tix! ⚘ Wonderful, A…
[BAEK-HYUN] Olympic fans are awesome! ❤      …
- ( 🚨 BTSFACEYOURSELF 🚨
- ( 📉 BTS FACEYOURSELF 📉
Record players can be considered usable art. 😊
The very first images of the  in action, with Sebastian's teammate Kimi Raikkonen behind the wheel. 📸 Florent Goo…
Mix!!🎵🎶 ~ing
Real For Booking 👑 ★ ID : ★ Area :  ★ Expo : ~
That footwork tho 😍🔥 Let's appreciate his work 💪💜👏    KOOKIE KOOKIE …
QUEENS! 🙌🙌❤️👑
please...Cracking race nd canny 2 minute pb to boot 🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🎖🎖   Check out…
💻 Our CEO Ivan Schvaichenko spoke what to do with tons of mining rigs, if something goes wrong with cryptocurrency mini…
Typical leftie🙄🙄
YALL HAVE NO RIGHT TO SAY YOUR FAVES CANT PERFORM COS OF SCHEDULE EXO 👏🏻JUST👏🏻HAD👏🏻A👏🏻CONCERT👏🏻YESTERDAY👏🏻AND👏🏻ONLY👏🏻FLEW👏🏻…
This video makes my heart smile so hard annoyin ass😂😂😂
😂 rowan ain’t gonna know what hit emmm 🤷🏽‍♀️🤪
Thank you☺️
Fooooooooome 😴😴😴
Thank you so much! And Sora thanks you too! 😽❤😺
Marcus Peters is special 😂😂
And then you left without even saying that you're leaving I was hurt and it really won't be easy to forget yesterday🎼
ACTOR KIM JONGIN 🎬 📺To The Beautiful You (Cameo) 📺EXO Next Door (Web Drama) 📺Choco Bank (Web Drama) 📺7 First Kisses (We…
➡Today is the last tracking day for the Social 50 chart for the week!🚨 🚫There are high probabilities we will be  on t…
I don’t even think Black Hollywood is supporting Monique bc they already know what it is 🤷🏾‍♂️
The Observer is a weekly Chuka Umunna and Chris Leslie press operation. Why is it going bust? 🤔 Shame, because there’s a…
😂 She's mad dawg
Olympic hashtag has changed to  👍 Let’s D.O. it!    …
1st win of PSL for , well done , what a start of ur good career , never too late mate 👍, super spe…
OMG  is truly Amazing😍😍😍😍😍
This exist. Today is the day. Whole world is gonna hear one and only, legendary Growl. 🎶🎶na…
A  elephant with mouse &amp; butterfly pick up child's tray pzuzzle 🐘
sleeping beauties 💤💤💤
i dont know who’s dumber nba young boy or jania 🤦🏽‍♀️
Did you know that the Nappanee Theatre was originally opened in 1926 as the Fairy Theatre. 🎬 📸: The Paper Elkhart Coun…
In case you slept in this morning 😴... don't miss the   tonight at 7pm ET! 🎇 Here are some…
I have never loved a video more, tbh 💙 |
🗣 AS LONG AS YOU KNOW
overpaying for Nash just ruined the trade deadline for everyone... Hopefully  just stand pat now 😧
100% the worst feeling when u can literally feel someone loosing interest in u 💔
YOU GOT IT✅ Thanks for Posting.
🚨SUNDRESS SEASON IS APPROACHING 🚨
Never been to NYC before! I can’t wait for this show! 😁😁
About That Broward Sheriff's Office Lamborghini And we know they wouldn't lie to us🤔
thank you very much friends for featuring fuck your money on this lovely playlist 🐞 i got you some flowers…
They do anything they want in New Orleans😂😂💀💀
Had a really good workout then went to that’s just the right order of things today. 🤗🍔🍟😍
This is the best video on the Internet 😂
It's officially two hours before voting ends in the 13th Annual  ▶ VOTE NOW ↴ https://t.…
HELP A GIRL OUT‼️
THIS WEEK’S VIDEO IS UP! We remade our first video 😭 And I gtg cuz I need a tish
Brother Appreciation tweet 🧡🧡 12/01/89-3/20/17
Well done mate 👍🏻
i am not photogenic, I get a good pic like every 2 months 😂😂
Sweating my fat off! 🙌🏻
i couldn’t imagine life without you💛
WW HANDSOME 💙 Let’s keep voting for  for   💜
Tonight is WW HANDSOME night. 😍😘
My man was cranking 😂
When Kodak said ‘’eventually you gone make me hate you ‘’ I felt that 😩
WW HANDSOME  BTS 😰😰😰
Celebrating Mom and Dad’s 57th Anniversary! We are blessed ❤️
Gucci is opening up a new restaurant in Florence—and it's every fashion girl's dream 😍🍝👠 https…
So sorry Charles💕💕💕for you
I really stay in my lane,keeping the good vibes and minding my business 😌
i got those initials but dk if its me🤔🤫 — Dm me
in love with u wow.😍
newfound happiness 🌼
Quickie Double findomme smoke sesh w/ the sexy 😈😘
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (4:30pm - 5:30pm) 1. BTSARMY - 379.6K+ ↗️…
Xxx   registry michigan. Tight black  porn. CLICK HERE 👉👉 👈👈
So upset about how much I wanna be in London with all the girls Thursday but I have an exam 💔☹️
You should try to copy one of she's amazing and I would love to see you try one of hers!!! 🤣
I'm not losing My Mom 💯😕
I’m geeked up 🤪
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (6:00am - 7:00am) 1. BTSARMY - 163.2K+ ↗️…
Come on Lord.. I’m 22 years old and have yet to experience snow... please just let the it’s snow and Lubbock and let it stick to the ground🙃
When your friends are crazy on TL &amp; you're reading their tweets and laughing 😂
John Legend needs to hurry up and sign this dog 😩😂
9 more days till I'm reunited with my babes! 😙👫🏼🐶
WHEN YOU TELL YOUR MOTHER A JOKE &amp; SHE TURNS IT TO A LECTURE😂😂😂w/ (LIKE&amp;RT)
Hahhaa I still cant be sure it's not me 😂🙃
🎺💫📉🎼🎡🎷🎷📈📈〽️🎧🎤💢🎸 "Senrere" : / 🎵▶️on  / on your 📻
This “head ripping prank” is the funniest thing you’ll see on the Internet today 😂
📝[PH GO]  Comeback Album under NORMAL ETA  🌻 All albums are first press, with posters, pre-order benefit…
Follow everyone who LIKES this🐗✅
big Charlie did you unfollow me 😂
AlamedaUltraMon: ☀️Palo Alto: ♂Barboach 100.0% (15/15/15) 654CP L34 Mud Shot/Aqua Tail until 12:56:47am (29m 14s)
💋💋💋💋💋Mass Trend💋💋💋💋💋 WW HANDSOME 💋💋💋💋💋Mass Trend💋💋💋💋💋
Jack and Jill 💚💙
if toilets could talk 🚽
I ain't doing shit if I ain't getting paid 🤷🏽‍♀️
Massive thanks to the for this years kit bags you's guys do an outstanding job around the club 👋🏻
tour with &amp; fan pre-sale starts at 2pm local time password is rockstar 🍻 🍻 …
army, follow who retweet this 🐱
level: imaginary🦄 only for the problem-solvers 🌍 first to find out the message releases 500.00$ in  to
Another day, another voting spree w/ is done Don’t stop now! Keep voting with ⚠️MASS VOTING…
Scratching your back* 😭
For whatever reason, people will go to the grave hating this man. smh 🐐👑
My dog isn't snuggling with me a tbh it hurts my heart😂
😍Mesmerizing Look 😘 ❤️Happy Morning  Devotees
WW HANDSOME 💙💙💙
Don't miss the next ALL-NEW   coming to  this Summer! ⌛️ https://t…
✔️Goal 🔥1K rts 🔥100 replies
Innocent face with awful manners 🤷🏽‍♀️
T-minus one week...  ❤️
1: Retweet this🎷✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet🎷✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🎷✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
📷 stellagibson: Mulder &amp; Scully: a summary |insp|
True or false 🤔
Everything about this video is funny 😂😂😂
you so fucking precious when you 💓💞💓💗💖💘💕💞💓💗💖 💘 treat me like a top priority 💞 💕 and not ju…
IS LOOKING GREAT TODAY .. will it last ? 🧐
It should be  everyday! 😍
Miss you babe ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
MIC DROP 🤘🏾
This episode had me soft the whole time 😭
Can't trip on nobody that ain't tripping on you 🤷🏾‍♀️ where they do dat at ...
I really wanna take a nap but I know I won’t be able to wake back up and then I won’t be able to sleep tonight😩
“You can follow me, but you can’t catch me!!!”👀
this man tho! 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
most decorated player of all time. Happy birthday Phil Neal. 🎈🎉
Lazy morning in bed with Netflix and fruit 💛 life couldn’t get better
Niggas said he the Crack Panther😂😂😂😂
I am not your mate! 😎
We both had an amazing time, thank you 💕
Wishing you all a fabulous Friday and relaxing upcoming weekend 💕☀ Much love
Retweet in 5 seconds for some good luck 😋😁
If this a spoiler hint to black panther, I will rob you jaileen 😤😤😤😤😤
Olympic champion🥇 Brady Leman wins men's ski cross at  , becoming the first Canadian to reach an Olympic p…
waking up fresh that’s kodak 👼🏽
Happy birthday Wendy Eonnie😘❤️🎂 Saty pretty and Kind❤️
“Your shipment has been dispatched” ❤️&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
“Hold me human” 😭😭
im really going through it right now 😣😢
Congrats for a great performance    ⚽️
FIRST BLOOD goes to in the mid-lane with the help of  🔥 📺
It’s warm idk about the word Hot , 👨🏽‍🍳
No one else can have you 🙅🏽‍♀️
Follow everyone who likes this 🌊
Not many coins but I found this account. 100RT IN 15 MINUTES AND I GIVE IT AWAY TODAY!!!!!! GOOO 😳😳 EVERYONE TRADEABLE.…
Apparently Selena Gomez and Ashely Benson hung out in nyc after the Coach show [February 13] 📰 Al parecer
SahBabii explains why he wears an upside down cross and explains “666” 👀👀
Letitia Wright and Lupita Nyong’o for Teen Vogue 🖤
Sickkkk😂😂
Follow everyone who LIKES this tweet. 🐉
What an amazing perfect shot of my gorgeous couple - simply beautiful 👌💖👌💜👌❤️👌💗💖💖💖💖💖
Miami, you dun kno😤😤💖
Really is 🙈🙈🙄
shout out monitor 🤐
Wishing you a good morning and sending you positive vibes via 💛
Unwrap your Hump Day gifts a little early 💝
Yea and sometimes it still gets ya trouble! 🤣🤣
Aye who trynna smoke 💨😤 just re-upped on that loud pack straight outta wakanda😝 hml
I’m dying 😂😂😂 [
Wishing you a good morning and sending you positive vibes via 💛
Why all of diddys sons gotta be fine🤨
Nope start looking at dresses 🤷🏽‍♀️
Ab-Soul’s wordplay on Bloody Waters 😍
Skydiving trails are so hot right now 🔥🔥🔥
When pressures being applied to you everyone around you gotta feel it too 🔥
💲| Roberto Firmino has earned £1,015,000 from goal bonuses so far this season 🔥 ⚽ 1-5 goals: £25,000 per goal scored; ⚽…
Wow! Hoseok on Time Square today! Thank you to those who made this possible💕
chrisvenvoree in bny jeans complete na mga bff 😍😍😍😊happy for the three of you 😊
👑Sweetie Smelly Soles👑
can this hairstyle make a comeback🤧🤧💘💓💓💗😣
Romance wins this time. 🙌🏻 But who do you think will win on 23rd Feb? 🤔
© RICKKONG
🤔NBC never cancelled the Olympics either....
Retweet to wish Roger Penske a happy birthday! 🎉🎂
Yesssss we right here ☝🏻
Who’s down for a pool party when I get all moved in 😍🙌🏼
13 roses 12 real 1 fake Told her I won't stop loving her until they all die ❤️
⚡ Did you know that electric shock collars are still  in England? ⚡ This video show…
ICYMI: CLC shared their MV teaser for "Black Dress" and we are SHOOK 😱 🎉 Cannot wait to see what they have in store~
Hands up!!! 🙌🏼 Party rocking all week starting this Thursday  …
I AM ACTUALLY CRYING 😭😂😭😂💀
📍 Career Fest 2018
Only 4 damn stores in the mall is open and we’re one of them 🙄🤦🏾‍♀️
Imagine a movie with these guys about going on a road trip😂😂
RT: Centreville Baptist Church for       🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Somebody come get this queer out my DM’s 😤
I’m determined to go to Cali this summer 🌼..
Somebody said he got them Dr Seuss hands.. 😂, I’m CRINE
🐥LoveYourself💣
NETFLIX CODES TO UNLOCK THOUSANDS OF MOVIES. SPREAD TO SAVE A LIFE 😍
Hyejin looking at Wheein and the smile? It’s so soft 😭
I think me and were the only ones to love this... 😍😍😍
Oh dear me😁, the trick about telling lies is remember the lies you tell, and never ever have video evidence of you tell the…
“...simple dinner lang.” when asked about their Valentines date with her loves 💙 …
plug walk 🚶🏻‍♂️🕺🏾😂🔥
Let that sink in 🧠
I'll fall back so hard you'll think I passed away 🤣🤣
You really believe that?!? This coming from a guy who thinks a ms-13 is an assault rifle...👌🏼😂
Working hard every day!  ⚪️ 🔴 💪
Raise your voices louder and vote. 👏🏻 them. 👏🏻 out. 👏🏻
Rihanna turning up for her 30th birthday is a WHOLE mood ✨
Happy 30th birthday to the finest woman on earth, Rihanna 💕
These tatts on my fingers im obsessed 😫
Lovely surprise tonight😍😍 this has been on my list for ages
Good things happen when it’s in my hands! 🙏🏼
Venice Nights 🇮🇹
This “head ripping prank” is the funniest thing you’ll see on the net today 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂👇🏾
I love these 12hrs but im ready to go back to 10hrs🤬
How the recording of Supernova really went down 😅🔥
Wena ❤
i see it in IMAX for two showings so i think they’re 3D??? 🤧🤧
I say that all the time we can always go to it it never lets us down(Bob Marley) 🎤🎺🎻🎹🎶🎵🎼🎧🎸🎷
Videos gonna be up a little late today 👴🏻
The Winter Olympics are turning into the Hunger Games. 😩
it's already been nine years since drake dropped ‘so far gone’ 😭 still routinely bump “successful” when i need to feel inspired…
Nothing more heartbreaking than realising you’re going to survive the temperature of your bath as you’ve put too much cold water in ☹️
😍 1 Hour AWP Dragon Lore Giveaway * Winner picked in 1 Hour! …
He loves her so much ❤️❤️
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY LOVERS! ❤️💋🌹 To celebrate, I wrote this little number for about loving yourself...…
🤣 (7)  &amp;  Argentina Party! 💕 Vote ➡
i was mutuals with a snake 😤
▶📻 "A different way(radio)
Amazing savory  on offer this lunchtime- can’t post a pic as it has been devoured 😉
I am goingbto wear the kids out at the trampoline park and have a cup if tea in peace for an hour or so!  😀
Because 1st off everything down tooooo her socksss🤷🏾‍♀️😊 will be on point 🤣
"Armoury" review in tomorrow ♠️
i love you... i love you enough for the both of us 😙
History was made last night. 🇮🇳 Great spirit and grit got us over the line and now we keep marching ahead!
Rappers use to come from the hood, now they crawling up from hell😭
A REAL. NATURAL. WOMAN. 😍🤤🤤🤤
Who Uncle 😭😭😭
FIRE just surpassed boombayah and be no.4 most viewed kpop mv all the time, and she is comin for 300M views 💜
RT to send your love to Andrew Jones 🏆
Luvdisc ♀ IV: 6/7/1 (31%) CP: 515 splash fast, water pulse 26 min left
😱  🎮 Borderlands 2: Mechromancer Pack - DLC (Mac) ▶
The best lecturer ever 💖.
➡️⬅️ Here is another video I did they are out and ready for you RT if you like…
Win thousands in free Luckbox tokens  📝Write a blog post 🎥Share a video 🖼Create a gif
QUEEN SPRING DAY ♥
OMG HELP 😭😭😭😭
If you're sad about being alone on Valentine's Day, just remember ... no-one loves you on any other day either 😂😂
If I sense negativity I change my direction 🔙
A lot of lame shit go on when you dealing wit rappers🤷🏽‍♂️
Graduate college 😁
XIN, time to WIN...with the most modern Blockchain 😉
RT: Same Day Delivery, 📨 Courier Service.
i was really scared to post a pic w/o filter bc of my acne, but o-🐳
RUN BTS! 2018 - Epi.40🍲 Behind the scene
📣CALLING ALL ARMYs📣 🚨 is less than 17k votes away from taking our  hourly spot 🚨 ⚠1.  ➡ 306k⚠ 2.…
Acting like siblings on and off screen 😂  (via IG Stories)
So since we wanted to Play guess the BTS Song by Emojis, let's start! 🏝🏖🌅🌊 V TATA {
Gain 300+ active followers fast!! 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
Ma pal was fried n trying to graft burds by asking how many star jumps they can pretend to dae😭😭
⏱10 minutes⏱ you’re doing great~ Army, you too💜 Keep up the good work everyone! -🇳🇴
Exposure doesn’t pay bills! Pay the talent! Upcoming or not, just 👏🏾 freaking 👏🏾 pay 👏🏾 the 👏🏾 talent!👏🏾
"If he's not around, The only one who can protect the village, Is me." - Sasuke 🔥🔥🔥
a scorpio and his belly 👀
🗺 Going to The NoMad Hotel
👉 👈 is live now on  check out her channel right here 🔗 🔄👍 https://t…
💽 How to earn and grow your accounts 💽 💽 &gt;&gt;&gt; Follow these steps friends &lt;&lt;&lt; 💽 📀 Retweet &amp; Like This Tweet 📀 I Follow Back…
Full Video: Luscious blonde hottie lifting up her dr... 👻Add me on snapchat: mysuperass 👻
Faneto, Earned it too 😂💯
I Love That Clingy Shit Fam💯Like Yeah Think About Me When I’m Not Around ,Check On Me.I Want My Baby To Can’t Get Enough Of…
It's moments like these that we live for. Mahal na mahal namin kayo 😘😍💙 …
🎄Pls 🎉Tag :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY🎂 TO  WE💚VALENTINE BOY💐🍫
-Thanks for the RTs!😀.@ me for a Retweet!Do you write?Join us! (by…
This hoe a classic Idc what you gotta say 😂😂😂.
happy early tuesday –  💫♡
When you’re tired of the Snapchat update 😡
i love you... i love you enough for the both of us 😙
mom: ho-yeun never thinks shes enough for us dad: but what has she actually done though 😂 get cucked
Should I ask this girl to dinner tomorrow? 🤔😏 or is it still fuck her lmao
Happy valentines 🤗
It’s not real if y’all don’t argue like this😂
Just grab them, why don't you 😋
us thinking about seeing in the float den 😩😍
Fr fr... two different people 😂
BABE MY HEART 😍😍😍😭❤️
Why you running away Snitch you love Father Donnelly’s boaby 🤣🤣
Omg my heart just shattered😍😍
ABH Soft Glam palette✨, must be following me to win
If like you'd defend our wonderful NHS from privatisation till your last breath, please retweet! ✊ https://t…
when he spit in your mouth during sex and u realize he got in n out w/o u :/ 😣
Training under the lights. 🔴⚽️
I'll always be just your little girl. A girl who loves you with all her heart. ❤
'Do you know who they are?' 'No' 'well that 15 minutes went quick...they are jedward' '😐😶' 😂
Pick up the 📱
My parents had a solar system, I had to be Pluto. 😰 My mom is the moon my dad is the sun, Somewhere in between thei…
It was Alfredo chicken 😩😩✊🏽
Damn. Gary Vee droppin non-business gems too! 💯
😳 tell me when we getting started King
Word😕
Milk Marie 🌸🌸🌸
Why didn’t VH1 adjust the camera for Midget Mac 😭😭
🐰Kookie's Carrot Farm🥕 🐰 READY 🥕 RT100
BITCH🙄LISTEN CLEARLY🗣DO IT LOOK LIKE I GIVE 2 FUCKS ABOUT THAT BITCH!!FUCK HER🤷🏾‍♀️IMMA CONTINUE TO DO WAT I DO THAT GOT…
The things I’ve sacrificed 😩 God shall repay me sha
Jozi is dirty🚮
Oh hiya, first wave of  artists…👋😍 Tickets are on sale right now: RT to be in wit…
follow everyone who rts this to gain bts stan mutuals 💎
Once they stop hanging with you , they start talking about you 💯
Hello! I’m Pauline, a filipina artist/aspiring animator a little too obsessed with the color pink 💘  https://t.…
Exclusive sweatshirts are in stock 🔥 Shop:
Arsenal fans 😂😭😂 (Tag them)
Unnieee🙋
"Subway God" 🐰🥙
When you’re tired of the Snapchat update 😡
you have to drizzle caramel on the 🍆 &amp; lock it all off 😇 trust me it’s bomb
[17’S THE8] SEVENTEEN 💎 CARAT
💥 Register for free and see me live now 【 Register for free, im online now !! 】 🔥 🔥 https://t…
aaaaand happy love day ❤️💞
Is thisss a dream,Or I'm widee awake 😭😭😍 Damnn ajnsuudoakakshjdk Theyy are back with a banggg 🔥 Look at themmmm,Look at th…
[PLS RT] 180213 NOTICE 💕          …
you fuck with the opps you a opp too...simple💯
It's important that people know that my wheelchair has both a flower AND galaxy side 💖
Me wearing pink bc it's v day 😂
Huge character to come back from 2-0 down. Two big away goals and now look forward to the return leg at Wembley. ⚽
Honestly, I’m excited af for tomorrow, I get to spend it with my best friend and get a mani/pedi 🙌🏼
Happy Valentime's Day! He was so worried that he was going to touch the thorn... 🌹❤
Turns out it's not a phase. 🤔🎧
The best meme I've seen all day! 😂
I loveeeeee Y♡U aloooooootttttttttt ❤ ❤ 😘😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😙😙😘😙😘😙😘😙😘…
Mnet will broadcast Block B's idolity on tv, nice mnet👏👏👏👏
♥ Girl Crush - Moonbyul part
Cut off anyone who brings negative energy around you🚫 need those positive vibes in your life!!
ONE MORE DAY TILL DAVIDO 🎉‼️ DON’T BE LIKE THIS FELLA 🙄🤦🏽‍♀️ GRAB YOUR TICKETS
📷 millennial-review: Kellyanne Conway must use Alternative Ethics Guidelines.
⚪⚪⚪⚪ WHITE OUT ⚪⚪⚪⚪ Saturday. Louisville vs. North Carolina. 8PM.
The best may not necessarily be expensive... it may just be what has been around the corner. ❤️💕 . For only $20, gi…
good nite, pipol 💤 see you, when i see you.
Them little girls be boring like how can i teach yall &amp; yall bored 😐
Thank you so so so much 😭🙏🏻 I’m so happy I went through with it, sooo much more confident now 🙌🏻
FIFA 18 in real life 😂😂😂
Y’all not BEST FRIENDS if y’all don’t get into arguments about being friendly 😂‼️
Written by a student of Baltimore City Public Schools 🙏🏾 🙏🏾
Happy birthday BFF!!! Ilysm hope you have an amazing day❤️❤️❤️ party hard🥂🍻
Tell the lil triflin bitch she can have you .. ain looking at you no more , I’m looking past you 😎
🔥 See me live, Sex Chat For Free! 🔥 Register now 100% Free ↴ 🔥 🔥 h…
Painted sunflowers for the first day of 2018. 🌻🌻🌻
Drop your snapchats for a quick add😋
😮I wanna c this
4 - "Ta bouche sa schliiinnngue" 😂😂😭😭😭😂😂😂
Whoaaaaaa 😂😂😂
I really want BWW 🍗😩
I voted  Super Bowl show was the greatest halftime performance ever ☔️🏈💜
🔥🔥 Just
Do you want his heart? (©arxund)
OWN UP WHOEVER SENT THIS ONE LOOOOOOL RED CARD 😂😭😭
I'm never deleting this app 😭😭😭
🎥 Hung Vanngo via Instagram Stories.
DON'T WORRY WHAT THEY HAVE TO SAY NUFF A DEM A DAWG SHXT INNA REAL LIFE 😉
😒Retweet if you follow back, Follow me and everyone who retweet or like it.
What Please Mr.Postman sounds like slowed down😳
👉 ICYMI: Salesforce's manager training is free for anyone in the world to use. Give it a whirl: htt…
GOT7's BamBam and Mark Recreated Their Famous Pre-Debut Photo 😂❤️
Don't let your emotions interfere with your bag 🎒 self-discipline
Congrats EXO ! 👏🎊🎉     HUNNIE CHICK
Alwaaaays 🤗✨
😭 I’ve never won anything,please RT🙏🏾
What a view 😍
Yez youre my sister from another mother 🧚🏻‍♂️
Life is about attitude 😀  🤑 royaltyworldinc
Rohit Sharma Trending on Top 😍🔥 Whether he scores or not, he always is in trend list 😐😆   5th ODI https://t.…
Ultimate Friday night roast “You’re fat” 🤷‍♀️
leads the pack after the first run in men's  halfpipe finals! Take a 👀 at the run that scored him 94.…
I guess we are at that point where Lonzo can do just about anything he wants😂
🔆Do you want followers❓ ➊ Follow me &amp; retweet this🔸 ➋ Follow all those who rt &amp; like🔸 ➌ Followback everyone🔸 🔆Turn my notificat…
the grammys tweeted a solo pic of seokjin? how fucking iconic 😩
ＩＦ ＹＯＵ ＷＡＮＴ ＦＯＬＬＯＷＥＲＳ ➡️ ➡️ ➡️ ➡️ ➡️ ➡️ ☞…
‼️LADIES THIS IS NOT A DRILL‼️ I just got approached by two ladies at Fashion Show mall asking about God The Mother and if…
🎶 Breathe out... so I can breathe you in... Everlong... 🎶
happy 1st birthday, uni 🍓 [    ]
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star. Singles are The Superstars. 👇 👇
🎵 ft. - My Woman, My Everything | LISTEN ▶️ - Promote your music on Bloom Radio
Congrats SM stan DUBAI 😍😍😍
l am love ❤
Monday treatment 🐿🐥🦄🐱
Painted sunflowers for the first day of 2018. 🌻🌻🌻
I’m not perfect but I’m nothing like these bitches at all 😊
She retired him from basketball. 😱
Forever my favorite corner 💕💕
❤️!! Das adorable you hush!
mine said it was baby 😭
I really give ppl 2 months cause I honestly know we ain’t making it no further than that 🤷🏽‍♂️💯 folks temporary
I love what I got rn, and I’m never trying to lose that 💛
My day so far in 1 photo 😡
🎨 Jock Macdonald, “Spring Awakening”, (1936)
the sweetest chocolate I've ever known🍫
MEET HORNY WOMEN HERE ➡️⬅️🔥🔥 😈 😈 PLAY THE HOTTEST PORN VIDEO GAMES HERE ➡️⬅️🎮…
Why do I always get myself into this? I always watch movies that make me cry!!! 😢😢😢😢😩😩
not my video but this shits mad funny dawg 💀💀💀😭
Lite, Metallic Rose, Lightly Used with Original   🔥🔗
Showed nothing but love &amp; it cost me 🗣
Respect and loyalty takes you a long way..💯
Trying to decide if I should watch Netflix or read thread about how the earth is flat... 😏
IM CRYING 😂😂
I was born 1997 , and stupid isn’t written on my forehead either🤣
💯💯 🎧🎧  This week's TOP Influencers:
remember when jackson kissing his members and jaebum run away but jackson caught him and give him a kiss 😁 his so sweet....…
🌈 Flip Knife | Fade Giveaway * Winners in 24 hours!
who let this happen?? what went wrong 😭
Collection 636 💎 💘 Yvette 💘 Scene : Frozen Yoga. Shoot Location: Budapest 🇭🇺 Website ➡️ 🖥 16-3…
I swear i haven't moved on from One corner 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I’ll Never forget when Jhene left this dude speechless 😭
Let’s help  Everyone who sees this please RETWEET the “Round Table Pizza” tweet below. What easier way to…
Pretending to be a savage ain’t gone heal the hole in your heart baby 💞
Pink smoothie perfection 💕🌿
✳✳Jerk It ❇❇
Conspiracy Video, Hater Takes A Lie Detector Test, and a 3 Part Haunted Ghost Ship series all coming soon! 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀📹
Getting closer.😂
[🗳️] SUGA SHOOKY:    -
whyyy madison!!! 😭😭
“if i win, ima just think about everything that ima buy” 😂😂
Yebo, I only use English about 30% of my time 😂
Hey Liv! How was your weekend? Hope it was amazing for you 👍 Really wish you were in the list for…
wait till the end..... 😳
Sehun so adorable 😭 he opened the wrong door and shyly entered the next door 😭💕 cutie bby
WE ARE AT 50K STREAMS RIGHT NOW GUYS. 🎤💡
Been through by EXO . thank u so much 💙
NIGGA HOLLA NAW THIS THE RIGHT NUMBER😭😭😭😭
Have y’all ever even read a Black Panther comic 🤣
What if Drake's God Plan was a soulful RnB song..this guy absolutely nails it!😮🙏🔥
If you dating a short girl mgalele ngetyiwa grof just to ensure ba she's not a tokoloshi. Azithembeki eziway 😂😂😂😂
ayo! it's your ARMY in charge for 8PM! are you ready? let's go! 💜    https://t…
(ENG) 180210 All Broadcasting In The World - Guessing Bobby's Age (But... he's not 25 either😆😋😂)
📋 Here it us - our team for this afternoon's north London derby at Wembley
👉🏽 See the Sammulas page of Satyam Prakash Page 71, in which Maharishi Dayanan…
Michelle Cobb had the magic touch from the service line to win it for DLSU! 🔥🔥🔥  …
Good night Loves ❤️❤️❤️
❤️Extreme cuteness alert ❤️ ... today’s feature video is hosted entirely by my adorable 5 year old sous-chef Samant…
Thank You 😃
Love You Buds ♥ Here is a random number: 399606
Follow everyone who Retweets and Likes this🍐
We've opened an Instagram account! We'll be active on there soon so follow us to stay updated! 😊
Lmfaooooooo 😂
I have said this alot of times but he really is an angel, he deserves all the love 💙👼🏻✨
her and held my hand out, and she said, "The things found on earth are kept by the collector," and walks away. 😡I was like oh…
🔴 LIVE on - jeff
ohh thank you💖
thank you for never losing the spark in your eye and sharing so much of the journey to your dream with us 💕
Happy Birthday 🎂🎈
I am hot and horny and waiting for you - come and join me tonight! Enter here 💖 💖 The Dream Girl A…
Kimmy kind of Saturday!! work out mode!!💪😅👍💋
Top Countries that tweeted worldwide mass voting trend → 'SUGA SHOOKY' 🇰🇷 South Korea 🇮🇩 Indonesia 🇵🇭 Philippi…
Blessed to be named 1st Team all conference as a junior! I'd like to thank all my coaches &amp; my teammates‼️ …
You make loving you easy 💞 thankful for you everyday 💖💖
If you ain’t talkin $$$ there’s NOTHING for us to discuss 🤑🤑
😂😭I'm rockinn
Tbh, I hate arguing, but this bad mouth of mine has no filter 💀
My uncle passed away this morning 😔 There's one less real gentleman in this world. RIP Manfred.
Nombre real... Dancing Machine    DINO CHEN 🐉
Yo, they're ripping into at the start I love it!! I can't stop laughing!! 😂😂
I’m Makin So Much Heat In ATL !!! 😈😈🔥🔥🔥
That’s cuz u ain’t playing witcha boy 🤷🏻‍♂️
For me, you’re the best... ❤️
Happy birthday! Jdoll was my very first online sub! He’s been my bitch for 5 years ❤️ Have a great bi…
She was adopted 🤗❤
First Grade Fun learning about the life cycle of a butterfly!!! 📝📖📚🦋🐛👩🏼‍🏫👧🏼👦🏻
Gabonese welbeck 😂😂😂
⚽️  FOR  ADAM  - THERE'S THE LEAD! ⚽️  1-0 | ⏱️ 27
Thank you for liking this tweet. 🙏
This is what I want to come home to 😍😍😍
DNA by surpassed 95.5M+ global streams on Spotify → 4.5M+ more streams until it becomes the first 🇰🇷 group song…
LMAO you are lying like hell now stop boostin 🙄😂😂 our w/l ratio is close
RULE 44: Be wary when offered a ride You might get more than you bargained for when sharing a lift with an  driver 😅
I’m inloveeee with Skaterparkz Valentine Day sale!❤️❤️ Everything 0.00 and just pay shipping! 🤪😱🙌🏼 …
I kinda agree 😢
having a girl that looks out for you is a whole other level of love 😩
Always Mike😂
Happy birthday Jena 🎂🌹🎉🎊    🎶😺😊 My best wishes always Jena 😇 ☄🌠 📹 🐾  🐈 h…
Lol oki😂
My cars leaking on the inside, my phones speaker has almost gone, no money to fix either 😌😅
You are valid. Your feelings are valid. Don’t forget it, boo boo ♥️
LIVE STREAM 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Tottenham vs Arsenal MOBILE 📱 PC 💻 * Retweet Please…
I hope this is true 👍 israel has boasted of making over 100 illegal strikes in Syria and violates Leboanon's airspace r…
who let this happen?? what went wrong 😭
First RT 🔥 1x Random
[ 2018.02.27    UNIT💖        http…
Retweeted The Four ( GLORY! is taking us to church! 🙌🏽  h…
Proud of you ❤️ Congratulations 🎊🍾     …
Same size of grave bro Be humble ✌
I DESERVE TO BE TREATED AS THE PRINCESS AND QUEEN THAT I AM💗👑
This pit bull can't go to sleep unless her dad sings her a lullaby 🎵💤💕
This gif kills me. Death is literally gushing towards you and you really gon do a whole 3-point turn 😩 …
Wow, Amazing! DAMN I LOVE IT❤ is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Corphish 💯 1028CP L35    Screenshots please 55.862369,-4.127915
MIC Drop (feat. Desiigner) [Steve Aoki Remix] by surpassed 72.8M+ Global Spotify streams! 🌍🌟 BTS' monthly list…
😇Retweet if you follow back and Follow everyone who retweets this.
So there’s more of these? 😭😭😭
Pink!!💖💖💖💖💖
🔍 | This lad was the highest assist provider in Europa League and one of the most creative players in Spain 2015/16 season.…
This conversation just turned into something else real quick 😂😂
I thought it'd be cool to show off my dogs athleticism, until I realized he had no self control... 🤦🏽‍♂️ …
I thought it'd be cool to show off my dogs athleticism, until I realized he had no self control... 🤦🏽‍♂️ …
Ahead of Saturday's  action... we showcase the amazing ball-movement! 🏀:  x  ⏰: 8:30pm/et Sa…
this shit will forever be funny as fuck to me 😭
😭😭😭😭😭 NBA YOUNGBOY GOT HIS GIRL TO TATT HIS NAME ON HER FACE👀 BRUH SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH HER
Group IV champs baby !!!!🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆
thanks to everyone who made tonight extra special💛💛
the two members who tweet once in a blue moon both tweeted today RT for good luck 🤧💕
ARMY💜 ➡Please follow They started a project to help ARMYs mentally and to be there when you need someone to…
And Where’d He Learn That From ? 😭
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CHANNIE 😭😭😭😭💗💗💗💗💘💖💘
NEED 😍
the song they used for jisoo’s intro vid is Mic Drop !!! So proud of our boys 💖 (please excuse my screams lmaooo)
please always always always smile  ✨
Good night world... see you all tomorrow... piece 🙏🙌😴
i have always love the introduction of BIGBANG’s Love Song ❤️💛💚💙💜
TONIGHT LET'S GAIN 780+ Followers😍 👉Just Retweet This 👉Like this 👉Follow Everyone Who RETWEETS 👉Follow Everyone Who LIKES…
Oh Begging apologies 🤔🤔
Best description of Trump!! 👏👏
I wonder what struggles i will tell my kids i went through juu sasa i went to school with shoes and it was only a block away😏
Sorry Ben, be putting her in for part-ex. 😱😉😞
That shot of the day by kohli reminded me of sachin😍😍😍
WE LOVE K1 WHOLE HEARTEDLY THANK YOU FOR ALL THE SUPPORT AND MORE ESPECIALLY FOR LAST NIGHT 💎 🙏🌎🙏 https:…
my boyfriend got me this King and Queen bracelets and I’m in love with it 💕💖💖 Get yours here https…
⏩⏩  JustGiving Crowd Funding BOOSTER to 3.5+ Million ⏩ …
FBI Informant Was Told Barack Obama was Briefed Twice on Uranium One Scandal - Did Nothing! (VIDEO) ‼️CORRUPTION &amp; TREASON…
Vagner ❤ What is Love
new merch has arrived🥀✖️
So true!!😂😂
Have a greaat day💜 Xx
Latest Video   😐😍😍😍😘 Cannot wait for  1st look ..
instant drawer 😂
Some people just need a high-five (in the face)🤷🏼‍♀️
I just can’t contain my happiness 💕💕
I am 😛 and alright you can wait about 8 months, 67 texts, and 54 phone calls later and then break it up…
Ohhhhhhhhh wow angoor 😂😂
the girls got in trouble and there goes tux letting them free 🙄
Retweeting every thank you to I see on my TL ❤️
It was your birthday &amp; the tub looked like a nice bed 🌜
I love having my asthma triggered at 8 am 👍🏻
My Sunday motto! What’s yours? ✨
I was just thinking the same thing! Like it's really not that bad 🙄
her hair colour keeps on changing!!!! 😍 what’s next❓💇🏻‍♀️
[vid] Uncensored version of  video I posted earlier  🔥
my boyfriend and I wear distance bracelets from daily. i love this boy and how much he cares! 😭😍…
These pugs have the most perfect reactions to being pampered 💆
"Just hanging around on sets 😅"
sgtmortar coratagge BettyBoopDooper Fiery_Floridian GretchenInOK EmersenLee thank you Mike!!😘😘
Because Noona indeed a Choding. So, I called you Jang-Choding Noona from now one. Such a cutie nickname, right? 😏
beautiful ✨
This is the closure we all needed ♥️
My biggest accomplishment this semester thus far has been scouring the depths of google to find my anthro textbooks in free PDF form 😛
GO GIRLS 💚
🔥Be part of the  Family 🔥 1: Add  to your bio. 2: Follow those who have  in their bio 3: Re…
Finally in bed 😇
I’m so happy I finally got a new screen protector my phone looks brand new again 😭
NCT 127 🍒'CHERRY BOMB'💣 2017.06.14 6PM(KST)
What is this 👀
When LMAO becomes a real LMAO and we can't help but LMAO.😂😂😂
I want Girl Scout cookies 😩
💥Bingo, Bango, Boingo!! Geraldo Rivera: "What if Steele, rather than generating all this information, is being fed in…
It’s ❗️RED❗️Sunday tomorrow! Join us during our worship services at 8:30am and 10:45am! We want…
It been a while I had this kind of conversation☺️
Yağızegemen = Mr Darcy 😍😍 My most beloved charter i know i loved yagiz for reason 😍❤️ We were right we weren’t delusio…
Awesome! I’ll figure out the time before then 😜 I hope the event was lovely 😊💜
Ok lets do it!! If gets 5 blocks tonight, 5  members get $5!!!!!!💰 RT &amp; FOLLOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!💰 cou…
Worst thing ever is breaking up with someone who has your nudes💔😭 Your body will be doing you like drinking sniper😕😑 Les…
Take me back! Bring on June! 🤦🏻‍♂️
ILove u 🌸
Look at our president boolin out 😂
I like to be sensual 😉 and naughty at the same time
when i'm with you all i get is wild thoughts 😇
Spread positivity always🦋
SUPER-🏈🏈
150821 ⭐ 100 days 151129 ⭐ 200 days 160309 ⭐ 300 days 160616 ⭐ 400 days 160924 ⭐ 500 days 170102 ⭐ 600 days 170412 ⭐ 700 d…
Let's GAIN ➕ Followers!! •Retweet •Like this •Comment "IFB" •Let's fast guys 🔥🔥🔥 ☄ ☄ ☄…
They told you I was a real nigga they wasn’t lying on me 😅💯
Me in middle and high school when they said they was gone call my momma and tell her what i did 😭 knowing i was gone get my…
show me you can handle this💜
3 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Thank you thank you thank you....I will remember you!!!!
This is the closure we all needed ♥️
The BRITs are sooooo close, no turning back now 😉 Tweet  every 24 hours lovelies 💖 xx the girls xx https://…
Some cool insects :) 🌸🍃 🎥IG: insecthaus_adi
Does anyone have any Dolan twin group chats that I can join just because 😂
He donated his ENTIRE paycheck to charity. He's a champion, again. Here's Chris and his dad, Howie. (📹 ht…
U are a dirty cunt if u eat the fat on bacon 🤮🤮
What shit is this!!!!! 😡
Nick Foles =  MVP! 👏👏👏
when it was “Playhouse Disney” not “Disney Jr.” 🙄
Twitter  !🎯
I wanna cuddle ☹️
Rae Sremmurd perform new music at Super Bowl live concert🔥
Feeling this Rihanna throwback 😓
CHALLENGE🚧 Get this to 👇 1K Rt's🔁 and 500 Comments 💬 JIMIN DAY And we ar…
official twt update - woohyun ▶
WOW. Speechless! No matter how close you get, James looks stunning! Perfect face. 👁️🔥❤️👅💋👑
3k follow Giveaway!!! ★ Shadow Daggers | Forest DDPAT (FT) Rules: ▪️Follow me ▪️RT+Like ▪️Tag 2 guys ▪️ Must go this New…
God is going to bring me through any and everything 🙌🏾
Charlie’s Angels should be the next cbx concept 🤔
every night spent without your face has me shuddering 💘
How great is this? The postgame Super Bowl prayer led by ... Awesome stuff! (📱via htt…
I want to marry 😂 I'm not lying you are really the 4th person in list omg 😂 Well i know you don't know…
my boyfriend loves me so much. He got me this cute Luna Lamp for my birthday and I love it 😍🌙 Get you…
I’m in tears 😭. This is a model 3 that I can’t afford because the job I have doesn’t pay me enough to save u…
New "Bitcoin King" hoodie 💰 Shop: Free Shipping Worldwide!
HERE YOU GO!!:  🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 🙏🏽RT to the 🌎🌍🌏
What about Darren Osborne, the convicted terrorist and Tommy fan who wanted to kill Corbynp? 🤔
🕕It's 18:13 BTS Time Share pics of BTS 🌼with Best Fan Army hashtags🌼 On our thread!
RT: Vehicle Magnet  💻 🖨
🌟Challenge for ARMY🌟 ➡Get this tweet to 400 replies for Best Fan Army in 40 MINUTES! 🏆I will post another challenge if…
“After all this time..🌟
Full trailer of an outdoor, bareback threeway at nude Blacks Beach 🌈 😈 Love the gay life!! 😁 h…
Someone Told that they really like you🙈 — lies
Yup, another knowledge bomb dropped at 41:30. Had to learn that the hard way with volunteers 😬 WYC123 with…
Mfs be feeling themselves too much for me 😂
I love how Matthew does hair 😍
waking up 🤢 is not the wave 😓
Day.1 🌛 I'm so into you.
This snow can stop... the boilers still not working at home :/ don't need it getting any colder 😶
I need a girl so we can kill each other 💘
F f f f fresh Monday morning ❄
THIS 🙌🏾
[ iHeart: Best Fan Army] Day 26 👍 Report for accumulated Tweets + RTs for    co…
So this is how my twin nephews comminucate to find one another 😂😭🤦🏽‍♀️
my bf surprised me with the distance bracelets from omg😍❤️
PAW Patrol makes it into Justin Timberlake and Jimmy Fallon's  (check out the 1.26 mark)! 🐶😎…
Proper makes me cringe when ppl give themselves nicknames that nobody calls them 😭
I'll be there! 👊😎👊
This laser pointer is insane 🤯😅
Tekashi was not welcomed in Minneapolis lol 6ix9ine_ | 😈🌈🖕🏾:
Congratulations &amp; ARMY! 🎊 BTS’ DNA is the first nominee among 12 others for MAMA 2018 - Mwave Global Fan Choice…
“It just so happens that almost every talk show host is a libe…
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
RT: Hilton Hotels HiltonHotels  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
writers block is sumn serious🤕
🚨 Dictator Alert 🚨 Labeling people who disagree with you as treasonous is taking a page right out of Hitler’s path to fa…
Loverrrrr! happy birthday Darling😘😘😘 lol you know all the distance in the world can't kill our lov…
👿Retweet This Fast 👿 👿Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet 👿Follow back all that follow you 👿Go Bio   👿Turn on on…
Dennis Smith Jr. finds his spot from distance!   📺:
🌀 Shazam Video 📺 Tutorial for Android 🌀     …
😳BUSTED  IS A MAN MADE MANIPULATD PONZI SCHEME Attorneys Accuse Cali Of  Aftr Climate Change…
Nina is really getting emotional and spiritual tonight. 😢😢😢. You going no where babe. We gat you.
Bad Habits After Collection (all four palettes) must be following me on here and ig @ urbanxdoll ❤️ choosing in 3…
Black light rally this Wednesday! Wear white and be bright 🌟⚪️🐯
been there😂👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
y’all be scared to tell a nigga how you feel . NOT ME🤷🏽‍♀️ ima tell a nigga what it is and what it ain’t and what it’s…
🏐Mark your calendars - Tuesday, March 20th at 6 pm in the HS Library- 2018 Gahanna Volleyball information/interest meetin…
Torchic ♂ IV: 13/12/15 (89%) CP: 853 ember fast, rock tomb 27 min left
THATS SO CUFOEBDOSBS 😔✊💖💞💗✨
aki : do you know our group name? 👦 : group name? group name? .... 👦 : co.. colorful 4 west : *laugh* 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 htt…
Red - the colour of the Valentine season ❤️
LOL. KINGS REMAIN UNBOTHERED 👑 EXO DOESN"T NEED TO CHANGE ANYTHING TO SUIT YOUR TASTE 😂
Better Breakfast Infographic ➡
Just saw this after the Jacob Beats Mob fracas 🇬🇧 ....... and it did make us wonder.........? https://…
These solar system bracelets are the cutest things I have ever seen 😍🌏 You can get them at 🌙 http…
Karma works in mysterious way o bamteddy nominated Mina,ceebee saved Mina and replace dem with bamteddy😂🤣😂karma is a bit…
Among the things I google’d this morning: “how do you milk an almond” 🧐
1: Retweet this🍪✅ 2: Follow all that Like + Retweet🍪✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you🍪✅ 4: Follow me
The came in as underdogs and left US Bank Stadium as top dogs after beating the reigning champs in  🔥 (via
Wishing lots of happiness and prosperity on your birthday. And congrats to expose  . 😀
Follow everyone who Retweets this and reply"ifb"🎬 ❤
CLICK HERE ▶️ ◀️ La county   recruitment. Tracey's cafe and wausau
Happy monday beautiful 💋  2018 02 05 - Queen at brgy today. 💛
🚨Less than 30 minutes left.🚨 Vote for Xiumin (3rd option). Please keep voting.
I'm sorry. 😂😂😂
We don't need to vote? 🔔 [ KOREAN MUSIC AWARDS ] 🔔
episode 88 is only 7 seconds long on Pocket Casts 🐢 there's a few that seem to have uploaded weirdly
Respect for the   🇻🇨
BEEEEEECCCCHHHH!!!! I. AM. SHOOKETH! ⚰️
Serving and shit😌😂
Gain 200+ active followers fast!! 👉 Follow 👉 Retweet 👉 Follow everyone 👉 Follow back
They asked LeVeon Bell what he would do in retirement and this dude was about to say “chill, smoke” ☠️☠️ …
Im honestly so grateful I have good skin and don’t break out too often or really bad🙏🏽 I can’t imagine it being any other way
Im obsessed with this ring 😍⛰
next tweet, follow everyone who retweets &amp; likes my countdown tweets for 130 free follows🔮
RT: Desirable Living Room - Makes your living room more desirable to live in with professional photos. 🏘
Tiffany Haddish’s Vanity Fair spread 👏🏾
Christ alone 🎶
Genial 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌💚
Need that parade on Thursday!!!!! Let’s gooooo 🦅
That moment wen ur just bout to win the division n decide to shut down fuck sake man 🖕🖕🤣🤣sort it
🚨 11:00PM - 12:00AM 🚨 ARMY it is Crucial Voting Hour. Please cast your votes for →    (…
At its own pace. 🙏🏾
They really denied Kevin Hart like that 😭
😂😂😂😂😂nope, you paying
Talk is cheap 🤐
just took my broken screen protector off my phone to see that my phone has all the same cracks 🙂
Songs I’m loving right now 🎶
As a farmer, you don’t have to thank me for feeding 🐂 in the cold or long hours during planting/harvest. I choose that. I just…
Where do y’all find these ones? I’ve been stuck with “treat her like dirt, and she will stick to you like mud”🙄
Okay I'm stalking some ARMYs who post in ASD, damn they're so beautiful! I'm jealous 😂 Well I'm potato so 😂
I don't put shit passed NOBODY ‼️
33!🎂🥂Thank you all for your birthday messages
™ⓕ▫ⓞ▫ⓛ▫ⓛ▫ⓞ▫ⓦ™ 🔞 ReaL🅱🅾  🅱🅾🔊
love d’amour 💜💜
We meet up soon 😍 after this few week
But then again, who'd turn down this face? Lol. 💁🏻‍♀️
I swear my weekend was fun 😂😂😭
Actually crying at Kylies baby video 😭😭😭
🏆 Best Fan Army    BALANCE
Good morning dear Marion🌹🌿 💛Have a happy new week💛
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨    - (Keyword: JIMIN DAY) 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
Word 🙏🏾
⚠OUR VOTE RATE IS DECREASING⚠ Comment the hashtags under this post &amp; keep voting. Remember that every retweet &amp; comment coun…
Morning Marsha. 😘☕⚾
Binge watched Vampire Diaries and it’s BLOODY awesome 👏🏼 A must watch! Not for the faint-hearted! 🧛‍♀️
Thank you Jed! 😊
Why is Tiffany Haddish like this. 😂😂😂
“break-up season” always causes for uncalled drama &amp; way too much hurt. yay for girls being assholes 😅
screenshots dont scare me i know what the fuck i said💅
My son gotta shine not me 💯
Staying low 😎 &amp; drama 🆓😊
Crossover episodes were the best episodes don’t fight me on this 😫
You CANT save Her. 😢
If she ain’t coming with benefits ion want her 🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️
hoping for your faster recovery RM.. 😘😘😘
Another Bacha Khan mentality danced on Indian tune 👇👇👇 is frustrated from massive social and political ignora…
"Hello ARMYs are you alive ?" 😂 HOSEOK DAY
This episode made me cry so hard. Poor Tyler 😭💔
[🏆] iHeart Vote 2:    -
WE LOVE BTS❤️I'M DEAD AFTER SEEING THIS!❤️PLEASE ALWAYS STAY HAPPY AND HEALTHY TAKE ALWAYS CARE OF YOURSEL…
Me : kya lengey? Relatives : Mazey 😄
this watery ass shit😂
Nobody can understand you and care about you like your mom she is the best thing in the world💙
Brother... Aap bitcoin millionaire kese bne.. pinned post me adhura likha hua h. 👍
Beautiful thread of a beautiful human being 😍❤️
its his birthday today and nobody cared to wish him a happy birthday because of his face 😞 Please dont judge🤞🏽💕 RT &amp; say Ha…
So Blessed!!  🤟🏽🌶
Thread 😂
Henny happy hr 🤗
Who did this shit 😂😂
Honestly, I’m tired of this App 🤣🤣🤣
💎 DAILY Giveaway 💎 🗡️ Factory New ★ Shadow Daggers | Tiger Tooth 🗡️ ✅ Retweet ✅ Follow us ✅ AntiBot - Reply with Firs…
Dear peaches🍑 Almost a year since the Adventure Produce101 took place and we crossed paths with this amazing human be…
😱😱😱 AChance for FREE ENTRY into the LIVEST Celebrity look alike party of the year!! HE is too good to y’all.
my butterfly!!!! Look this tweet! She loves you a lot and we're so proud of you! ❤️❤️❤️
First of All I’m 6ft and they live with ME, put some respeck on my name. LOL...aaaand goku &amp; naruto are real ones 🙌🏾 l…
I’m curious... how are the Hoseok’s stans holding up? Y’all freaking out? 😂😂
Cutest thing I've seen today😍
😂Follow everyone who retweet or like it.
BIRDS🤦🏽‍♀️ lol! Let me just wash my hair right now😄
Im 18 and currently suffering in School. A BSED tortured student 😂
Would you rather have a handful of tongues or a mouthful of fingers? 🙈😂
Follow everyone who likes this💥
Woke up with 2 missed calls and a vm from work. I’m thinking I missed a shift knowing I didn’t pick up 😒
Bbw brown skin girl riding on big cock 👉👉
EXO may not be the best group of all times, but in my eyes, they're the best-of-the-best 💖✨
Mix!!🎵🎶 ~ing
Mix!!🎵🎶 ~ing
📷 catgifcentral: All to Himself
Busted na wasted pa. 😂😂
Mix!!🎵🎶 ~ing
goals 😩😩
Just dropped a brand new track go peep !! Prod ✨🔥✨
The Weeknd is in the studio working on new music 👀
FUCK YESSS. Always the rght time for 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽⚡️⚡️⚡️👁🤸🏽‍♀️🤸🏽‍♀️💓👾🤠🙏  …
IOC President Bach responded to Junmyeon.. 😭 imagine how happy and proud Junmyeon would be! EXO would be having a meet &amp; gr…
📺 Watch Live Cams Now! 🔞 Real People Naked &amp; Having Sex 🎥Live on Webcam 24/7 ↴ Click ••► Click ••…
Leonard is the new  ...he so salty 💀😭 he's making up things on the spot to try to make her mad. He need to grow his…
I'm still waiting for Jared's indictment ⏳
Much colder today than earlier this week! ❄️ join us on is tracking your  forecast &amp; t…
BTS of the best day of my life. Photos by 🤗 Brits tonight!!!! 🌹❤️🌹❤️🌹
rt to gain taekook stan mutuals💖
heaven 😭😭😭😭
Its just so hard to trust people these days😐
Welcome back to Thailand MinMin 🙏🏻
Put ya glasses 👓 on... Ask who I am... 😲😂😂😂
EXO taking a moment with media 👏
Fighting ARMYs 💪  is the  for at  💜
omg nakkkkkk 😩😩
$ELF listed on Kyber Network🎉🎉
lets grind! 💦
CLICK HERE ➡ ⬅
It's heartbreaking Wayne 💔
Yes🙃 ang' believe 😭
B.E.Y.O.N.C.E❤❤❤ I'm so excited to announce my first campaign with This…
girls are way worse than guys nowadays don’t @ me 🤮
🚚follow🚛 🚛Public Sex🚚
Preorder...😉😉😉 Minat/Inbox...😉😉😉
👑 Flip Knife Marble Fade Factory New ($250) GIVEAWAY! 1⃣ Retweet and Follow! 2⃣ Tag a Friend! ⏰ Winner will be drawn i…
3 meses ❤️
🤣🤣mian sahib jugtun ky mood mein hein... nice to see him in lighter mood.. to win this battle he nee…
Ed Sheeran's performance of Supermarket Flowers was beautiful 💙
▶️ Now playing on
with listen to the full mixtape on
Just be you and if people dont like it, well fuck them💁🏻‍♀️
Good. NIGHT. 🙏🏻🤤🤤
😛😛 Lance Ford, Leo Luckett and Charlie Pattinson have bareback sex [🎥➜]
I feel like a whole different person😂😂
BREAKING NEWS: Jhope's 12 seconds hixtape just hit  on US Itunes 😱    HOBI HOBI
First of All I’m 6ft and they live with ME, put some respeck on my name. LOL...aaaand goku &amp; naruto are real ones 🙌🏾 l…
First grand slam of 2018 ✔️
📞Interview with Baekhyun summary: -EXO feel honor bcs they can perform at closing ceremony -Prepare two songs -If they got…
Our new baby Rollie❤️ she matches his rolex ♛
Thanks for remembering guys!! 💕
Everything's alright until you involve "feelings" 🤢
Cracked my phone a lil bit 🙂🙂🙂
🚨 PLEASE RETWEET! 🚨 Looking for BLACK and/or other Graphic Designers of COLOR for a HUGE paid project. Please respond to t…
“our”??? BITCHHhhHhhh you on it too?😂
Strike a Pose we hit 0!!!!💙💙💙
Real talk, Ms. Dzuro was the best teacher at Rhodes 💯😂😂 she had to deal with hella classes 24/7.
person: Please come to Europe soon ❤️ sehun: orange juice
honest 😅
Mistakes?- you gave a scrum, not a free kick lol. Definately right there 😂
I'M BLUSHING thank u... have a good night too 😢💕
National Anthem 🐐s 🇺🇸😂
Am honestly crying😂😂
I committed to Ithaca College Class of 2022!!!😀💙🧡 I'm so excited
Love you as always. 💗      https://t.…
What else one can think that Pakistan is capable of doing other than this 👇🏿 Pakistan with support of China has waged a prox…
This artist has made us speechless! Amazingly depicted! Thanks for the  love! ♥️
LMFAO THIS THE FUNNIEST THING I SAW ALL DAY 😭💀😂
also, i love my mutuals alot ❤
aw happy birthday! 😌🎈
Twitter do ya thing and let me take this dime to prom🙏🏾🙏🏾❤️
So tired it hurts... actually hurts 😭 why can I not sleep anymore? I used to be so good at it
Good morning from pupsie &amp; I. 🦄💗💜
i know! &amp; did such an amazing job. GAH. my heart. 💗
Go on. Disturb me. I dare you. 😈 @ Bay Roberts, Newfoundland and Labrador
Vote for KAI💛 ✅Press this both rt and heart✅
🏄🏻‍♀️ Do you have a funny pick up line that you’d like to use on EXO? Share them below and I’ll share mine too.
🔥 Live_Sex 🔥 🔥➤
Year 51....God take me where you will 🙏🏻💟☮️⚓️
Bruh 💓
Every single feature of him is so unbelievably perfect and Thank you for these 6 years, to be my source of happiness ❤️
Now Playing "Showtime" 🎶 I'll be performing this new single live at my concert on May 12th, 2018 Listen &amp; Like on…
Okay😭
Listennnnnnnn 🤣🤦🏽‍♂️ we miss you sis!
💫ROUND 2💫 ➡ARMY! Time to attack!💪  has voted MUCH more votes than us on the past hour❌ 📣📣Get this tweet to 500 repli…
I need a back massage my back hurt so bad 😢😢
Hello sweet, I'm waiting for you ... Look my bio 💖💖💖
📢CONGRATS📢 Akolda Manyang is now UVU’s single-season block leader with 58!! AK passes Ben Aird, 56 in the 2012-13 season.
I was lucky to be a guest of Dementia Australia at their Gala Dinner last night at Le Montage! 🥂…
Let's go!!! Retweet + Like &amp; Follow everyone who RT + Like to gain 150+ follows + Follow all back! 💯🇰🇪🇿🇦🇳🇬🇬🇭🇮🇪🇹🇿
RT THIS AND IN 5 MINUTES GOOD LUCK WILL COME🙏👌🙌
Come out tomorrow to Language of Lingerie ‼️$5 TICKETS ‼️ You don’t wanna miss this 😉
u so fuckin stupid and dumb 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕 and a disgrace to American public it makes me physi…
Akere Reece hangs with lately... Hence why... 😂😂😂
my girlfriend has birthday can you please congratulate her she would be happy💙
I Could Never ❗ 🌸
I’ll get there... only like 4 more months 😂😅😅😅
Not at all 🤦🏻‍♂️
Sticky notes are up to the ceiling now~ We love you so much 💕
Welcome back fatima. Masha Allah Avi 😍
Follow everyone who LIKES and RETWEETS this 🐬
I know that God💖 will give you whatever you ask of him. -John 11.22.  🌼🌷
rest in peace 😂😂😂
HOBI HOBI Who’s excited for his mixtape!!! I am🙋‍♀️    …
How exciting! I’ve only been pumping for 18 months (I think 🤔) but I’d never go back, suuuch a life…
A tribute to our generation's greatest evangelist. For more tributes to Billy Graham ➡️ https://…
💥 Free live sexcams, live sex shows! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ Click ••► Click ••► …
Early bday gift 😩😍 I'm in loveeee 💎
😯😯 make sure you take some medicine for it. And most importantly, rest. 💜💜
First of All I’m 6ft and they live with ME, put some respeck on my name. LOL...aaaand goku &amp; naruto are real ones 🙌🏾 l…
{EXOSTAGRAM} 180223 EXO BAEKHYUN instagram update    -Admin Fatima🐙 …
🚨CALLING ALL ACTIVISTS🚨 I created an Activism Guide with 5️⃣ easy ways for you to get involved &amp; help elect Republicans…
PSA: I Briana is not side bitch material ! 🙅🏿‍♀️💯 it’s either your mines or not 🏌🏿‍♀️
Graphenstone at BATIBOUW Fair, Brussels (Belgium). 📆 From February 22nd to March 4th 📍See you at the Stand: 06420B…
Link up, Grow and Gain 300+💯 Retweet this 💯 Like this 💯 Follow All who retweet and Like 💯 Follow me, I follow back
Happy Birthday Hank🎉🎉🎉 May your day be filled with lots of snuggles, kisses and Cake 🎂
That face 😍
retweet for 130 free follows, only if you have my notifications on, 5mins⚰️
Jsprom tom. 😍💕✨💋😊😇😂
Don't underestimate  💪
@ Old Spitalfields Market
Morphe Jaclyn Hill palette ✨ (must be following me to enter)
[FUN GAME] ARMYs, Which number logically follows this series? 🤔    …
presents ☕️☕️☕️☕️☕️
I'm a bit Cool, but when I'm HOT, I'm too Hot to handle! 🔥💣😉
✍️ | Derry City sign defender Niall Logue  🔴⚪ Read more 👉
Dude, I literally have the best suegra. She made me gorditas de chicharron from scratch. 😩
Hope....world........😭 HOBI HOBI  BTS
Nothing like reducing gun owners to cultural stereotypes to convince them they're wrong. 🙄
The more people the better let’s keep memories alive feel free to share❤️
my mom is really not letting me go to school 😂
180221 eskimo7474 instagram: "Although we are very sad to see you go, we will always remember you at this happy state😭 W…
GOOD MORNING! I hope everyone has a wonderful day today ☀️
I ain't know you was in jail. They let my boy burr out 😭💯
He killed it 👊
Agust D - on Apple Music / iTunes ⤵️    ()
A k-diamond dm me cos I use Chief Lee as my pp. And she is happy knowing I am i-ARMY.😂
170519 ROCK STAR ✨
❤DBSJ AS ANIMALS💙
This 😱   🙏🇺🇸 Armed sheriff's deputy stayed outside Florida school while mass killing took pla…
Playing without fear this weekend @ Prism 5 😈🌺💕
i almost never read comments on other people pics, but this shit had me spit my food out 😂
Grasping at straws? Could it be the pressure to be the 'new gays'? 😂 Because I see no other logical explanation bec…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (4:15pm - 5:15pm) 1. BTSARMY - 429.2K+ ↘️🚨…
📷 | Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber in Jamaica
Nate Thank you so much for the support ❤🙏 Thank you Thank you
🔆Get more followers🔅1️⃣ Follow me &amp; retweet this🔅2️⃣ Follow all those who rt &amp; like🔅 3️⃣ Followback everyone 🔆Turn my notifi…
I am not surprised ... I saw foxnews on ur bio ... say no more 😒😂
📺 Watch Live Cams Now! 🔞 Real People Naked &amp; Having Sex 🎥Live on Webcam 24/7 ↴ Click ••► Click ••► h…
Follow everyone who retweets &amp; likes this🐳
I like people who smile when it’s raining ☔️
A wife on deen with a hint of road 😍😍
Thanks baby, I'll be waiting 4 ya 😚💕
Reply 6: Oppa theres a lot of discrimination😢 I also a good fanㅠㅠ Sehun: The replies are a lot. I’m working hard on it. Rep…
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME I HAVE NEVER SCREAMED SO FUCKING LOUD I DID NOT EXPECT TO SEE THIS OMG😍😍🙊🙊🙊🙊
is there no end to this man's innovations?? *whispers...* hope not 😉
GUYS! DON'T FORGET TO SUPPORT WITH HER NEW ALBUM "AURORA". THIS IS A MASTERPIECE. OUT 02/23. 💙❤️💛
Tiffany Haddish is the first black woman to host the MTV Movie &amp; TV Awards ✨
.... Would have paid for a group of gunman just to become rich, and steel money from others to play ⛳️ golf.
Thanks To Our Supporters ❤️ Love
Everybody needs Louis playing footie on their TL!!!😎✌️ …
Choice &amp; Azzy - Buzz Lightyear 🔥
📊 iHeartAwards Tweets + RTs para Best Fan Army na última hora (15:30pm - 16:30pm BRT 🇧🇷) 1. BTSARMY - 196.7K+…
MONDAAAY! Are you ready for it? 🎉✨
🇫🇮iTunes Finland:  Agust D - Agust D [+2] *4th  →    ( …
Y’all 😂😂 the strip club DJ was mad that no one was spending money so he played gospel music hahahaha! They going to hell…
✨Last night on earth✨
DM me for 📲🔊 • Beats • Mixing &amp; Mastering • Studio Time
¡The Best! My Love❤
PSA: stop being a wuss and ask him/her out for Valentine’s Day. if you get rejected it’s ok at least you tried. ily. 💕💕 ht…
[‼️] Best Fan Army:    - Vote rate is still slower.
RT..  🌚 is the story of the young    who is abused by her father &amp; a Fa…
💰25$ Usp-s Neo Noir GA!💰 To win: -Retweet -Follow us &amp; -Tag 2 friends that should join this g…
Want!! 😍😍
Can somebody please take me to the beauty supply store?? 😩
Too bad you declined my offer to see Swifty 🤷🏾‍♀️
Lockscreen: RAP LINE 📷🍂 ▷SG, JH &amp; RM ◇ Aesthetic ◇ • Fav se gostar / if you like • RT se salvar / if you save ♡Seja hones…
Blessed to have 2 jobs now thank you God 🙏🏽
Took me around 10 hours to paint this pair. Hope you all like it as much as I do... 🙏🏽
in the mood to be kissed all over &amp; loved on😒
Hug for 🐨
Happy  🐦🔬 Today celebrates the life of Charles Robert Darwin (1809-1882), an incredible biologist who ch…
▶️on  ( ♫ - Me Ne Woa ft
🔔 [ ] 🔔 JIMIN CHIMMY has surpassed 600,000+ tweets and still trending  WORLDWIDE! 🌟 Keep your fresh tweets…
Kanye with his children is the cutest thing ever 😍
Thanks for the clarification 😬 And yes true everything has a limit. Btw I just remembered. How’s your injury?
Holding court 👑
Day 1 on  excited to start this new journey! See you on set ! Wish me luck guys! ♥️
Global VLive Top10 ▶1,012,373 views ❤174,662,915 hearts
Choose your weapon 💣
Love means nothing in tennis, but it’s everything in life.-Author unknown 💖
Hello sleepless night 🌙
thank you!!!💘 you’re literally the sweetest!!😘
This man keeps delivering 🔥 awesome match 🤙
If I hit Alexis sky 🚀
when u got a smart ass mouth but u hella sensitive 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
dis be leaf? i’m in disbelief! 😬
Seriously, I can't deal 😍
JIMIN CHIMMY Our cute mochi chimchim 💜 I love him so much, he deserves the world
Retweeted ThreeDogs Nappin' ( *⃣PLEASE   ⚠️90% KILL RATE⚠️RESCUE...
If you say “am good for nothing then you are bad for something .🤝🤝 you nailed it 🔥🔥🔥
Creepy😲
nothing beats good head 😛😍
Yorkshire Tea is just the highest class of all tea ☕️
gorgeous asian big tits    💋💋
When Nipsey said “it’s free nigga” 😂
RETWEET if you wanna fuck me and make me feel good 😊😊😜🤣
Here’s the story 🤡 and 🤡 did not tell you.. The Now Famous  Defector From Presi…
I want to burn for you 🎶
Dancehall Disney Intros Be 😂😂😂
Me on the phone with my mans gossiping and ranting to him💖💞
Har har mahadev , happy Maha shivratri to you 🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺
i be real life bored 😒
USP-S | Orion - Giveaway! 🎉 ✔️ Retweet &amp; Follow. ✔️ Tag 2 Friends. Winner drawn in 24 hours. 🏆
$NEO is valued at: $112.06 HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users 🤑 😍 ➡️ …
On this day in 2011 scored THAT goal against Man City! 😲👏
Oh my heart!!! ❤️
Black cheerleading is a whole different sport 😂😂
Tm bhe celeb ho attitude ly ao bas🌚
EEEKKKKSSSSSS! EXCITEEEEEED! ❤️❤️❤️😍😍
follow everyone who retweets this to gain bts mutuals 💞
Help me out guys !!! 😩
7th Mini Album [ 🖤 Concept Image 2 2018.02.22 18:00 (KST)
Blocboy verse was waaayyy harder than drake’s💯💯💯💯
Blonde babe gets it 😏
Not fatherless 💀💀💀💀💀
💪🏾 @ Southeast, Washington, D.C.
omg thankyou so much angel😭💕 yes there will be more music coming in the future😍
Jay Critch x Wifisfuneral..☠️🔥
Get ready for the hungama @ Sapthagiri Theatre RTC 'X' ROADS 😎
RT if you need $250, I’ll bless someone, must be following me to win💸
Exactly a fight Busan machine 😂
i miss havin someone to go home to every night 😩
Wise decision ☺️
👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾 drums only and I’m not changing it lmaooo you need to get with it lo
Hello guys 😍😍😍
Bol this is already me 😩
that “I missed this pussy” whisper in her ear "this my shit foreva” position 😩😭
that is a delightful memory of them to hold. I hope she is bearing up okay in this hard time. 🙏
Congratulations BTS and ARMY 🎉🎊 "DNA" just got certified Gold by the RIAA🎉🎊  📀 Keep streamin…
🍾 Get 20$ for free registering to Binance 🍾 0.1% trading fee and no fee for deposit! Get BONUS here:…
Big &amp; Better things 😌🤑
Last 10 Minutes until is over and moves onto 🔔 Keep using the keyword ✔️ 『 JIMIN CHIMMY 』 ∥…
I always get a Diet Coke there, which probably annoys the heck out of them, but I don’t like coffee. 🚫☕️
Jordan Clarkson still using Kobe's advice. 😂😂😂
NEW VIDEO 🚫Lie Detector Test On My Hater🚫
📝  .  *       .         📚                        * *   .      🧠     .        💰      *   .     *   📚     Grind Time       .…
I also hadn’t been able to shower period or used a bathroom that had soap 😂😂 but it’s good I found a shower in a parking lot 😂
Chatting with Tune in to  Wednesday for a  surprise! 💘
check out the third one 🤣🤣🤣🤣
💡 BINANCE ALERT 💡 Be quick! Binance registrations are currently OPEN 😱 ➡️ You're welcome…
The wave like a duragggg 🌊
Love, peace and tranquility all around 😀😀
eat well, be happy. (📸 : iger anjslldr at
Short time GA with 🐯 🍀 RT 🍀 Follow 🍀 Comment the name of the group you want in Hashtag (for example
[ 🌍 Trends] Trending  worldwide!    - 📀  📀 https://t.…
MY HEART💘 MY HEART😭 MY HEART❤️💯 It was Sameer’s dream😭💯 Chandani raat ho tum mere saath ho💯 How do they always come…
No Bitch Could Ever Be Better Than Me❗️IDC IF That Bitch Prettier Than Me, GOT LONGER HAIR THAN ME, Got 7 FINGERS, Got A…
🐶 JIMIN CHIMMY 🐶    😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 https://t.…
If You Supported Me From The Jump I ❤️ You , If You Hated And Tried To Bring Me Down 🖕🏾 You 💯 Its My Time 🤷🏾‍♂️🏈 https:/…
JIKOOK BEING EXTRA WITH JIN'S PHOTO😂😂😂 (DON'T MISS OUT BANGTAN TONIGHT IN VLIVE AT 10PM KST! 💜) you can watch while voti…
Fucking crying 😂😂😂😂
What's about to go down on this next album, I can guarantee, y'all won't know what hit ya. ✌
Jeon jungkook saying “okay” in satoori 😂😂 agreeing to all those clips loll
Loving the new head covers😊
SPHA is a cotton eater though🙌
A headache for Murty, but a nice one… 👉🏻
~Nestled In ... ※❄※❄※ By: Colmar Wocke on
Part 2 Follow me for more videos😉
[TRANS] 180212 Park&amp;Zhong 고민상담소📋💚 CL: actually, my hands are big too, but yours are really big. its such a waste that you dont…
🦋🦋 StepSiblingsCaught - Making my Stepsister cum..
I’ll get in a relationship when I’m needed not just wanted. 🤞🏽💯
plotting her scheme against  ✂️ 📷: See showtimes and get tickets: …
😌Heard
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼✊🏼✊🏼✊🏼✊🏼 yaaas girl yaaaas
jackson’s saying thank you (고마워요) &amp; kept waving to us today ❤️ he’s in a good mood
Good night 💕🌙
feels ode weird sleeping alone ☹️
It be hard letting ppl get close to me now 😌 and i got my reasons
If this ain’t the funniest shit I’ve seen in a minute.!!!!!!!!!! 😂😂😭
VALENTINE’S DAY SPECIAL, OVER 80% OFF!! 😃Super charge your  and protect your Legacy! ❤️ (4.9⭐️Amazon Reviews) ORD…
💎 LAST CHANCE - FORTNITE 2800 V-BUCKS GIVEAWAY 💎 To Enter: 1. Follow 2. RT this tweet 3. 50+ MORE EN…
🚨On  TODAY at 3PM CT🚨
how are you so pretty?!!😍
The man of the hour is here and his Hollywood Walk of Fame star is waiting! 🌟   htt…
Now this is a future Patriot🇺🇸 Definitely going to go far in life
Maggotssssss 😂😂😂😂😂😭😭
So nice outside this morning. Overcast high 50’s = favorite! ☺️
he's really 2 years old 😆💕 cutie can i bring you home? i will buy you lots of toys &gt;-&lt;
hitting them with the silent treatment 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Thank you 💜 hopefully we will see each other 👽
999 with Zakiah Anas was the real shit back then. Still one of the best Malaysian tv shows to ever exist. 🙌🏼 …
2009 J.R. Smith posterizes Aron Baynes and stares down his entire family tree 💀
Thankyou! 😬
GREAT SHOT !! 📸 RT / QUOTE / REPLY
I want to get louder..I got to get louder.. We 'bout to go up baby, up we go.. We 'bout to go up baby, up we go...🎶🎶
have a QB that leads them to one of their best records in team history and fans want someone different. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Brady 💀
As you shouldn’t 😌 God blesses you to bless others. Be an inspiration.
loooooool hug from me to you ☺️ — Loool no thanks I’m okay
I am the ONLY  candidate in IN  but the media doesn’t want you to know 🇺🇸!I believe that voters should have a c…
[🌏] whoops JHOPE MANG is already trending worldwide! 😂 how about in your country ARMYs?
It's a collective effort, and I'm proud to be a part of a community of fighters! 💚
NEW FREEZER ❄️ Dog Edition 🐶
[ 🌍 Trends] Trending  worldwide!    - 📀  📀 https://t.…
Spend longer looking for a film on Netflix then actually watching anything 🤦🏽‍♂️
Aphex Twin's debut turns 26 today 🎈
Bc👏we👏finally👏got👏ourselves👏in👏our👏bag👏😩😤💯
Hand sanitizer is not the same as washing your hands! 😷
VERY TRUE!!! Decisions determine destiny! And true love is worth fighting for! 👊👊👊
imagine a female that’s not cheating , text bck fast , all about you, &amp; only YOU 🤭
[ 🌍 Trends] Trending  worldwide!    - 📀  📀 https://t.…
I don’t wanna work after class 😒
Daily Violations and Crimes that are committed by  Coalition in  Sunday 11 Feb 2018 Issued by…
Now this is how you suck a cock... 😍
🗣 ICYMI: The honest thoughts of the  head coach after Saturday's 3-3 draw against the Black Cats.  htt…
[🐥] JIMIN CHIMMY -    (
Bendelacreme and Naysha Lopez 💖
👏🏻 I am so sick of people being outraged at everything! It’s a film, get over it. God help them w…
Isn't she pretty? Truly the angels best 😍❤
I ain't playing with no wanna be tuff boy 💯🖕
Stick to the script 💯
Did Scrappy just BARK? 🐶
❤️ Olympics.
hot green tea with lemon and a English muffin 🍵
you got me on speaker lil bitch you tweaking 🙄
HQ. 131111     © DREAM IN SPRING
The women of ‘Black Panther’ for Entertainment Weekly 💕
Yooo just changed my snap back to normal👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿🙌🏿
Thankyouuuuu Babeee ❤️😘
They wanna copy the wave 🌊
was it something I said... 😕
precious lil thing trying to find where the voice comes from ☹️💖
Life’s shit sometimes 😩 but when it’s good it’s great!
Come on noowwww😍✨👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Time for scientists, and doctors to stand up against the School systems in 🇨🇦, especially Ontario pushing the acceptance of…
Stack, pray, and stay out the way. Let’s get it. 😤
✨Cheap promotion $5 ✨ ▪️SoundCloud links ▪️Tweets ▪️Selfies ▪️Small business ▪️Instagram/Snapchat ✨Dm if interested ✨
Dem my brothers 💯  represent !!!
She then couldn’t decide who our son looks like so she’s there looking at us both to try and work out who he looks like most 😂😂
Yeah yeah yeah 😂😂 taena mo
We've got a "lister" Patriots! Block HIM!💥🚂🚂 Check your "list setting" in your account - they'll add you without you seeing…
Next week I get braces and idk how I feel about that 🙃
I just learned something. You can’t watch a movie and be on the phone @ the same 🕑
Stop paying for premium snapchats! These girls do nudes FREE! 😈😳 👉👈
NHDTB-086 🔞   🎬 Openload 🎬 Streamcherry
Happy teddy 🐻 day
👋🏻 Little kookie here!!~.~
😂 you my best friend lil nigga
Bron feeling jelly 🍇
I love you!!! 💕
❄️🚨WINTER SALE!🚨❄️ ❗️FREE SHIPPING❗️ 🔥These dope hoodies are 50% OFF!👕 Grab Yours While Supply Lasts🔥 Cop yours now 👉 h…
8958 Having Some fun celebrating HD Spirit Day with our Orange Blooded associates 🎩🕶👏👏👏
I’m well and truly shook rah 🔥
Park Jimin 🧡
“Evaluate the Jazz now” 😂😂
Demi Lovato kicking snow in her face has me weak 😂😭😂😭
TEAMWORK MAKES THE DREAM WORK 🐶⛳️
you’re the cutest i love you💘💘
Follow 🔙🔙🔙🔙🔙
ALL SAiNTS Chapter 1 Episode 1 THE END iS JUST THE BEGiNNiNG Only at CockyBoys ▶️ https:…
Purple Hearts 💜😍
Veterinary forever!!! 😎😎
Follow me : 🙏🙏❤️
Thanks tria 🤗
Big batty gyal👀 — Idk what your seeing mate but my bum is flat😭
🎀 • W…
Demi Lovato kicking snow in her face has me weak 😂😭😂😭
I kinda agree 😢
go out or study for midterms? 🤷🏻‍♀️
when God said “Be patient and everything will fall into place” I FELT THAT! 😩❤️🙌🏾
[ ] rt if u stan seokjin , follow whoever rts 🌹
LT yung gold digger prank 😂😂
Thank you gorgeous, so glad we met!&lt;3❤️
3 to go for  🏵
The choice is truly yours😂😂😂😂
Kyoko blog: How Manaka and i looked like from the back, we looked like a couple? 🤔 Photo by Oda Nana …
you always make me smile ❤️
Hello! How are you? Rate my site in bio! 😙😙😙
I will match up to $500 in donations to REGINA BATESON  on link 👉 Stop McClintock.…
Clearance rates are starting to fall as   wakes from its summer slumber 🚜 🇦🇺 ⛱ 💰 🌿 ⏰ ⛅…
When you was a kid..asked and your folks said NO! 😂 here’s a few on me kids 🤘🏾
[ ] rt if u stan namjoon , follow whoever rts 🌹
Y’all just mad cuz Purosho a goat 🐐
Tomorrow—by RT IF YOU LOVE THIS PERFORMANCE AND THIS SONG 🔁 [   …
if theres one thing i know for sure is that youre not stupid, chin up steff 💜
Let's see in one hour how much EXO-L will reduce 166K tweets gap for the last hour. Don't let it increase ❗️
Lmfaoooooo 😂😂😂
🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧    PINGUIN S…
“As long as there are audiences that come to listen to our music, that is enough to make us happy “ 🌟🌟🌟🌟  …
🚨  Tomorrow is your  voting spree day! Are you ready?!  🚨 …
What the hell is wrong with these unbelievably violent Hollywood types? 👇🏻
Can’t stand a dude that wanna be a daddy when they feel like it. Boy bye we good over here 😂
Runstreet is seeking a makeup artist for costume/fantasy makeup next Saturday, Feb. 17 in LES  🎨💋 DM your portfolio link…
Ride 'em doggy style 😂
A winner, hopefully 😂 city win league,Fulham promoted,blackburn win league,Luton prom…
K-diamonds are all so talented. 😂😂😂😂. These arts are awesome. 😍😍😍😍.
I think Kim K just be in the house playing dress up 😕
😂 I know I know!
Plzzz Ek Baar Sunn Lijiye....😍😍😍 How beautifully An Indonesian Fan Girl Had sung "Mere Khwabon mein Jo Aaye" INDONESI…
🚀12,000 eth raised. A BIG THANK YOU! Make sure not to miss the ICO. 5 hours left 👉
🔹TK 🔹FriskySexySinful
thanks bron! love you 💕
🥇GIRLS BASKETBALL REGIONALS ALERT🥇 🏀@ DECATUR CENTRAL ~ 10AM AGAINST PIKE ❗️SUPPORT YOUR LADY DRAGONS TOMORROW MORNING❗️
➡️36 full season entries for 8-round season to include two editions of ➡️ aiming for top honou…
🕺🏾 Shot by
Uhhhh am I the only one who didn't know that Denny from Greys is married to Peyton from One Tree Hill in real life 😳 http…
gerardo is the most attractive human being to me 😍
171001 | © million hertz
DNC Deputy Chair Keith Ellison, a representative from Minnesota, was caught…
please please please make these our permanent jerseys 🙏🙏🙏🙏
For all you men with the baby face. Thank me later 😊
give us  !!! art by !! 🔴⚪️🔵
Barbershop = 3 hours of your day 🙄
👉🏽 Swami Dayanand Sarswati used to consume cannabis, sniff &amp; smoke tobacco &amp; hukkah. …
Music video casting 🎥 ALL LOCATIONS DM me for details 💓
When ball is life🏀
Happy birthday bro! ✊🏾 have a blessed/lit day 😁
CEO and Founder Marcus Schmitt from Copytrack joins Joe Blackburn on 👉 ▶️ Check t…
Get yer facts right 😋
THANK YOUUU💘💘
Mans did a baseball slide 😂😂
— a thread of my threads ✨ **Please don't reply to this thread.
is already inside the Coliseum! 📷 loryjoy76
Closeups of Zayn at the Tom Ford FW18 show tonight! 📸: zaynmalikismyrock
Hate in America: Where it comes from and why it&amp;apos;s back ⚙️⚙️⚙️
All the elements of Memphis in this new BlocBoy JB x Drake record. 🔥 From the Team Penny facility, to FedexForum to a c…
Awwwwww thank you!  ❤ Re Packing: Let us not even go there! May carrying part pa. The struggle was real. Hah…
No but girl foreal 😂😂
🆘‼😎💪  What the German media want to hide. The avalanche of resistance to  and her government policy of o…
things you should let go of: 🐭 1. your past 2. worries 3. overthinking 4. negativity 5. toxic people 6. being under pressur…
Thank you very much ☺
Retweet and maybe you will receive a nude pic in your DM 😜 ➡
Don't Sleep ON 🔥🍎🏫    🏆🔥
Coffee soon? Miss ya 😘 and an SUPER impressed with all of your photography
Y'all make something so small so big, I'm used to it haha. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Following someone back is not permission to DM 🤣just saying 😂😂
Very lucky 😉 And with you both being from Aberdare!
When Fortnite is life 😂😂😂
Why Andy is so cute ❤️❤️❤️
Just another day in the office 🤓
Yeses 😂😂
🔥Hot CamSex🔥 ➡Follow⤵ 🆔 Info RR Click➡️
Give me some before you do! 😊
💝100% Natural and Organic,  ApriSweet  Bars...Buy One Get One FREE! 💕🍫 Use Promo Code: APCHOCO…
I was waiting for someone to play him! 😂
Sure....it has 👀 like I tell my employees don't mistake movement for production, they are not the same.
Model fails to flirt $134k in cocaine across the border (4 Photos) 😯
ALWAYS PROUD OF YOU !!!!! ❤️
Chesty wife submits this selfie to show off her new jeans..... 😍🍼😍🍼😍🍼😍
Have heard this too. Knows Lyke. 👀
True story💯 💃🏾💃🏾💃🏾💃🏾🌴🌞🔥
Retweet to save a life 🙏🏻 New snapchat update is trash.
when I seen this niggas account went private 🤧
Panty &amp; Stocking〜💋❣️
playing for everyone is safe around 🙏🙏🙏🙏💵💸💵💵💵💸💸💸💸💸💸
I been working on myself 💪🏾
Snowy Paris 🌨
I could listen to this all night long , his voice is so soothing , I love him so much 🐯💜😫💖
to do list: • this paycheck - get my oil changed ☑️ - get new break pads ☑️ - insurance ( feb. 11th ) ☑️ • Nex…
r u going to interview the Money Launderer for the Russian mob ?  😬😬
It's TIME!!! It's TIME!!!!! 🍦Retweet 🍨Follow all Rts &amp; Likes 🍧Follow all who follow back FOLLOWBACK ✅✅✅ 🍩Gain +100…
Or be forced to talk with the other side of the aisle 😱 what a clown
What the police find in this van haunts them in their sleep, so they decided to go public➡ https://t…
DRAKE'S NEW VERSE ON "LOOK ALIVE" 😳🔥
🚭Its GAIN TIME.. no smoke breaks 🚯Retweet &amp; Like this FAST.. or not 📵Follow All &amp;  maybe 🚭Turn🔛my 🔔 2 GAIN.. o…
Let's gain together. 👉 Retweet 👉 Like 👉 Follow everyone who RT and like 👉 Turn on my notification
wooohhooo!!! bravo 😍😍😍
Who have you been dating for the last year 🤔
Ur fantastic more💋💋💋😊😊
how would you like it if i did the same to you 🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️
Make sure you follow which is a voting team created by 🌟 Follow the time acc which suits you…
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this💕
So bummed. 😞
Freeze una dey talk.. 🙅 Ah Ninja should carry that Eba jor
ima fwy how you fwm..simple 🤷🏾‍♂️
Hey, The Olympics gonna be electric, aren't they? 😉😜
Enjoy Our Sale Today! Will expire in 24 Hours! 😰 Don’t miss out babes! 💖💘 👉 …
1: 🔥Retweet this🍷 2: ♦️Like this🔴 3: 🔴Follow all who like and rt this♦️ 4: 🍷Follow back all that follow you🔥 5: 🔥Gain follo…
Finally hoggy put her hands in my head 🤩
Tomorrow is the last day of our 10% Public Sale Bonus. 👉
yeah always happy day darling 💋 yashmin
[🏆] iHeart Vote 1:    -
Manny can reply to hate but can’t reply to me😩hunny I love you❤️
Demi Lovato kicking snow in her face has me weak 😂😭😂😭
Jahvon Quinerly &amp; Luther Muhammad are DRIPPIN’ in 🔥🔥 tonight!
Hungry asf 😭
Twitter is the best app idc idc, I be dead on here😂😂😂😂😂😂
And a orderly beat down of the Bluedevils 🎯🎯🎯🎯🎯
NEW COVER UPP check it out ❤️✨ Full cover : One of my favorites songs on  🧡 h…
🇨🇦Justin Trudeau, has it all backwards. 🇨🇦
🚨 BTS ARMY!!! 🚨 Do you know that TODAY is our Voting Spree Day? Let’s vote for  for  ca…
is not it right😉 ?
When you forget to check the photo. 😂🤦‍♂️ (📸
MY NEW SINGLE !! Ft. Chris Brown “Love You Better” is out Everywhere Right now!!!!!! Link in BIO🔥🔥🔥🔥
FastMusic850 Go Listen To they Music 💯💯!!
IM SO EXCITED 💞
Encouraging daddy at work... 😊
Today, Mayor Steve Adler gave Austin native Nick Foles his own day. Philly will probably give Nick a whole year 😉
PRICELESS lyrics! Positive Impact on lives  💛
sunny dayssss 🌞🦋
army, follow who retweet this 🔥
It's still her tho 😍😍..smh😑
I’m a bad bitch you can’t kill me 💇🏼‍♀️
I follow back fast 💨💯
😀❄we got both snow and ice
aw that’s so sweet thank you :’( 💗
Girls + Football = ❤
Females are just so stupid 😂
OMMFG 😂😂😂😂
Perspective. Gram worthy Mr. Mendes?💕
been craving for the longest man 😭😭
I’m so mad at myself 😤
Never break the golden rule😤
I had to buy my own taco bell 😐
To cut or not to cut my hair 🤔
Aww I love you Tyrell you’ll always be my  guy second to Michael of course 😉😘
Miss you🤧
Niggas lie about everything putting it on they homie 🤦🏾‍♂️
Last leg of r way home - shit result but top top day with the Purps as per usual 👍😈
Southampton West Quay light festival. Lovely evening out😊
Happy Saturday CHiPis 😁
The winner of our 2017 Photo Competition - nature is truly incredible! 📸 Alan Leeks. See all the winners here: https://…
omg please you are not worthless your such a sweet human being and ilysm💙 dm whenever you want I’m always here boo
“why you liking my pics?” damn bitch i thought it was cute 😭🙄
Followed 👌
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 The joker been giving batman the work for 50 years with nothing but a crowbar and red fenty lipsti…
Apparently I'm the oldest tennis player with a  ranking. Somebody might have mentioned that to me already but I had a…
Welcome back baby ko☺😻
Let’s rock 🤘🤘
- - You bring so much happiness and joy to my life🌸 thank you for everything! I love you endlessly.…
💚 It fits with green heart
Let’s goooooo 🔴🐂
Do you want BTS to win? 🌞 SUNSHINE RAINBOW 🌈    (RT!)
I, we, together, we will do our best 😭    EXO KAI
Happy Birthday big guy, no one id rather share my love for Lily with ❤️❤️
Everyday, you have to tell yourself that you're enough; good enough, strong enough, just enough. ✔️
I really want a pair 😍
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🐵
Waking up alone. I need new friends in my dms 💋💋
Happy Birthday in advance for garu from fans 😍😘  …
GIVEAWAY! i’ll be giving away a tata plushie + unofficial bt21 sticker (character of ur choice)! 💐 retweet 💐 tag 2 mutuals 💐…
i can't wait to see sehun to bring kang hyuk to life 💕
thanks so much for arranging tickets😊 greatly appreciated
Congratulations teacher brey 😍😍😍
Exclusive sweatshirts are in stock 🔥🔥 Shop:
2000s are doing the most this year, guys what are we doing wrong😂😂😂
⚠ RT &amp; RPLY ARMY⚠ guess who is this? Hayo tebak ini siapa? ノ( º _ ºノ) /(ò.ó)彡
Yuzuru Hanyu  Javier Fernandez  and Shoma Uno  moments before getting their  medals. 😁👇
Hashtag for Today's trend ..😊👍 👉👉
Coca-Cola needs to sign up my man real quick! 😂
Cold beer under the stars, perf date with bessy. 💓
"ACTually... engagement ring!" 💍
Goddamn girl. 😂😂😂
[PHOTO] 180218 - lap_korea Instagram update with Daniel!✌ 👉    …
Hanbin and Hanbyul won the mini round which is a Speed Quiz 💗
Bad bunny taking pictures with don Francisco got him doing silly poses, nah he really took over 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 https://t.…
When babe sends you nudes in public 😂
I'll still love you tho 😂😂
I’m the type to wave at a bitch knowing she don’t like me 😭😂
Only thing you’ll do is make me mad all over again 🙂
F-E-A-R: Forget everything and run or face everything and rise☝🏽
💄Thread: "blackpink e seus mv's visuais"💄
who's the last guy you talked too🤔🤔 — i don’t talk to guys
🌿 ‘🌿 “Can Hyrule's destiny really depend on such a lazy boy?” 🌿 NAVI 🧚🏼‍♂️ INSPIRATIONS: and ✨
just imagine his beautiful voice in an ost, it would be amazing ✨💕    …
RT And I will Send You A Happy Message 🌸
I saw galaxy in your eyes💫💫💫
Let's maintain the 1M votes per hour! 🔥  |
Happy Birthday to our Hope, J-Hope ✨      …
Happy Birthday sunshinee !! ❤️ ❤️
[🇰🇷 TRENDS] " is trending No. 3 KOREA w/ 168K tweets .
When bae says come over but you don’t have a car😂
I should study 🤦🏻‍♂️
Smokepurpp x Travis Scott ‘Fingers Blue’🌵💀⭐️
Thank you for your hardwork &amp; your strength 💪 Sending my love &amp; hug for  &amp;  around the world ❤ 힘내세요 💪 파이팅…
army, follow who retweet this 💖
It feels like November 8, 2016 all over again doesn't it fellow Deplorables?😁 The Trump Russia collusion lie has finally…
What? 😂
I-EXOL, K-EXOL, J-EXOL, C-EXOL 1RT=1VOTE♥️RT please♥️forty four    EXO 엑소
Ask away 🍃
Alex and I recreated a few vines. You’re welcome 😂🤲🏻
❤️ HELP ME REACH MY GOAL ❤️ 🌻Get me to 800 followers in the next hour PLEASE GUYS!🌻
Happy birthday Hoseok! ☀️💕
😂😂😂 put lil Steve in it
i hate you 💀
Stay Healthy Oppa🤗🤗😘
So excited to meet this little person who is half of me and half of the one I love 🌼
Proud of you fren!!! 🤞🏽💙
Soft and cute, business casual with a Couture Productions touch 💜🖤  💜🖤 too see the rest of Friday’s business fashion show…
Did you buy a Bichon after 05/16? 🙏 Max has been registered on PetLog with a new owner &amp; we need to find them. …
Enjoy the rest of your Saturday evening,  fans! Tomorrow the focus switches to the 💪
To keep this length or cut my hair into a long bob???? 🤔🤔
Retweet and Like if you want to gain more followers💵
Cum show is up on my premium snap! 100 snaps and an orgasm 💦 Join to get it! 💕 …
I also chewed the fufu. As I usually do. Don't @ me 🎈
I'm shook 😫 Profoundly shook
Enjoy your time Larry 💙 Be well.
Are you still not registered at the  volume ranked crypto exchange, Binance? Here's your chance! ➡️…
6.✈️We’ve reached cruising altitude &amp; turned off the seatbelt lights! Follow ALL &amp; *retweet* for a followback!
Hobi always look good and I love his smile. Happy Bday hobi-ah 🎊🎉🎁🎈Let's celebrate hobi Bday 💃💃💃
[ 0218 HAPPY BIRTHDAY OUR REAL HOPE ⭐⭐⭐ J-HOPE⭐⭐⭐
I’m so weak at this 😂😂😂
Ha, thanks for the mention, me and Alice were back home and kitchen dancing to ⚽💙⚽
"we remade vines in class today" I'M CRYIN 💀
Let's who heads to final round competing with NORTH EAST ERIS 😎 🔥    EXO KAI…
An albino sea turtle, so beautiful! It looks like an opal to me! 😍
impact on the world today looks like the sunlight impact on earth 😂 [ Hoseok ]
we cant love no thotty they for everybody 😴
Sweet lil thang ♥️
Nearly at 4K followers!!! Thank you so much to everyone who follows me 😘😘😘 PS will this make a 4kTV? 😂
follow whoever rts to gain bts stan mutuals 🎂
GOING LIVE ON TWITTER AT 2PM TODAY!❤️🌹
fun fact: people of any gender can wear dresses and feel like a princess ✨
Fresh from last weekend's winning Bundesliga treble, we've got a 4/1 bet: 🇩🇪 Bayern Munich Win 🇩🇪 Schalke v Hoffen…
Stream MIC Drop (feat. Desiigner) [Steve Aoki Remix] by while voting! Let's make the most of these hours 🔥↗️
DIE. HARD 🤡🤡🤡
🔥 100% free sex cams site 💥 Register now 100% Free !! ↴ ⚡ ⚡ ⚡ …
Why I’m I overthinking things 😶
What are you up to, boys? 🤔 What'ya think, Super Fans and Bandmates? Find out tomorrow on  🎶💖 …
😘 “Lo…
POWER VOTE in 30 MINUTES!!! ❤️ Let's get into the Final 2!!!! 🎉❤️ | VOTE HERE --&gt; https:/…
📸 | Sebastian with Ashley Park yesterday!
Seriously... ?!?! 😡
All I want rn is a bottle of fireball👀
Miray🌺
100K tweets in Less than 5 Hours  is trending in India 👍👌
I will love any color that he experiment . He even pulled off the green color 😍 totally look lik…
LET’S GO!!!!! Time to couple this with a home win over UNC Wednesday 🍊🍊🍊🍊
📷 One of my clients likes getting his buddies together and me and having us take turns on him and playI...
Let's maintain the 1M votes per hour! 🔥  |
She literally said “fuck yes” 💃🏻🕺🏻😍😍😍
TONIGHT LET'S GAIN 780+ Followers😍 👉Just Retweet This 👉Like this 👉Follow Everyone Who RETWEETS 👉Follow Everyone Who L…
[obligatory empty reply that only says ‘THIS 👆👆👆’ and nothing else]
Black Panther (2018) 😂
MonaCoin $MONA price: $6.45 Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked! 😍 💎 ➡️ …
thank you so much for bringing me on this tour with you, love you forever🌹
Best luck to T20👍👍👍
Happy Hobi Day💜
Thanks all, someone asked me to post my patreon donation link for Obivision. 🐸🐸Your support is mu…
solid glow up with my fave
That earthquake was weird asf😂
I knew it was MoVal mall😂😂
HORSE WISDOM You can tell a gelding You can ask a stallion But you must discuss it with a mare 💕🐎💕🐎💕🐎💕🐎💕🐎💕🐎💕 …
I seen him at the mall with Matthew 😂
Vincy Mas 2018 is coming 🔥
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (11:45pm - 12:45am) 1. BTSARMY - 1.30M+ ↗️…
Tbh you look cute in this avi, every time your handle appears on my tl I open your avi and stalk it 😬😂 Stay blessed…
loved your new video, it's hilarious BUT I have a question - how did you get this idea? 😆😆 Is your f…
Very funny😂
🔥Live Webcam Sex Chat For Free! 🔥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ https…
How did he fall with hair and get up with a haircut!? 🤔💀
MIC Drop (feat. Desiigner) [Steve Aoki Remix] by - certified RIAA Gold 📀 / Billboard Hot 100 entry at  / gath…
[ 0218 HAPPY BIRTHDAY OUR REAL HOPE ⭐⭐⭐ J-HOPE⭐⭐⭐
Every time 😔
20180218 Happy DK&amp;VERNON's Day 💞
lil man already smooth 😏
13 Russians larping Facebook ads are indicted -- Meanwhile the elephant 🐘 in the FBI HEADQUARTERS Still has to provide…
excited pup 💕
3️⃣/5️⃣ Hide a note of encouragement in someone's pocket
Aye this shut raw 🤫☄️
Perfect excuse to skip my 5k and curl up with a book and a cuppa ♥️ ☕️📖
Bro is that you doin those combos to people? 🤔
So Proud! Thank you all so much 😭 ❤️  🔮
beth you are amazing!! Ilysm xxx💗
That stadium though😱 Tap the link to see how you can watch
Jaden Smith took Kylies virginity?! This isn't the only shocking story 👀😲😲
The world needs more people like you💕 EXO KAI
I love you so much 💕🌸
Niggas been telling y’all for the past year how they were coming to this premiere, and y’all thought they was playing 😂😂…
Black Panther (2018) 😂
👀 👅 LIKE IF YOU ACTIVE  🍘🍔🍟🍑
2 years today since my miscarriage 😪😇 too good for Earth my little bean❣️
SO PROUD OF THIS GIRL 💙
went hiking then to a art and wine gallery? It’s either you’re trying to impress a girl or you found a girlfriend 😂
I FOLLOW BACK STRAIGHT AWAY 😎😌😊😜😌😍😊😌😍😜😊🙄😜😊😍😍😜😌😉😌😍😜😉😄😜😍😉😜😄😜😉😎😄😉😍😅😍😆😎😅😆😍
TWEET rate: 1.  - 507.4k 2. E - 448.1k KEEP GOING ARMYs! 🔥🔥
😍 Retweet 😍
TWEET rate: 1.  - 560.2k 2. E - 458.2k TWEET MORE ARMYs! 🌟
She has to dig deep. 😩 lets hope for the best! UP will fight back ❤
when ur ex and bestfriend hookup ☕️
I'VE BEEN BEAT UP MY WHOLE LIFE 👊🔥😬 (made this for fun between work stuff!! song is BOOGIE by !) …
180217 23:00 CHART Melon  (+5) Bugs  (+1) 🎶 Genie  (+2) Mnet  (+11) Olleh  (+2) Naver music  (+…
Have you guys seen this 😂😂😂😂😂 Satafrika 😂😂😂 accuracy here 😭😭🙌🙌🙌…
😂😂😂😂 thinking he’s something
**Most Items Free** ⏰ SALE ENDS AT MIDNIGHT ⏰ I love this store! Shop Now 👉 …
✨ rt for a random music of my playlist
the sweetest chocolate I've ever known🍫
Instagram Update. Pusuan na fanm. 😊
DEAR LORD 😍😍
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (9:45pm - 10:45pm) 1. BTSARMY - 844.9K+ ↗️🔥 2.…
for everyone that doesn’t have me on sc.. this happened today.😂😭 they didn’t wanna put their seatbelts on so alan pulled ov…
u are💗💕
Shout out to the  for being the 🔥🔥🔥  The voting spree day is almost over but, doesn't mean the votes…
His little fist when singing gahh ❤
Klay didn't win, but he did have 25 points in the final round of the  Contest 👏👏👏
ask me how my life’s going i just dropped my whole ass plate of food on the floor 🙄
Me tooooooooo 😱
RT: Brand new wood floor added to the whole level! 🏘  📸
Welcome 🍫🍫🍫🍫
I can't with this 😂
Dinner at the local Inn in Sandy Shores 🍝🍛
Me to tbh. ❣️
you guys are my happiness 😊
Happy Birthday🎉🎂🎉
🎂🇧🇷| Happy Birthday to the super striker and fan favourite  🖤💙
Chinese New Year ✨ I get to try mooncake today
2 Chainz &amp; Cap 1 📷 [
Aussie kiwi International  to celebrate Muellers 16 indictments and Trump and co are next😡
What of that ex...that was never an ex...but was just a back up plan 😆...
😇SinSational😇 😇BDSM😇
🙏PlzRT
Fields of Tea, China 🇨🇳
Interesting 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
Who else gets water at restaurants bc you genuinely want water? 🙋🏻‍♀️
Okayyyy THAT set me off !! 😂
👑BTS are the KINGS!👑 ➡ARMY! Let's show how proud we are for being ARMYs👇 💫Get this tweet to 1,000 replies for Best Fan…
It’s fine for fangirls to tweet stupid shit but why does Flo have to retweet them on my timeline??? 😪
Here, now and forever. ❤️
Bitches is backwards like why would you get your ass done first and not your teeth🤔
🔺Retweet &amp; like this✔️ 🔵Follow all who RT &amp; like✔️ 🔻Followback everyone✔️ 🔺⚡GAIN WITH⚡ 🔵 🔻 🔺 🔵
BTS &lt;Skool Luv Affair&gt; concept photo 🤩❤️ who’s rock this concept in your opinion ?
I love you to the moon and back💞💞💞💞💞
First Sunday without football ... ☹️👎
It’s worse than 😂
This pit bull can't go to sleep unless her dad sings her a lullaby 🎵💤💕
Seriously need to find a new job 😩
That would be the best thing ever!! ✨
It is!! I bet it is pretty .. Hopefully one day we can go during flower and garden!! ☺️
Wait for the rain to see this street art 🌧
Amazing😘
I'll keep an eye out for one for you 😉
No one wants to hang it with me no more. 🤦🏾‍♀️
How can a person be this cute?!? Ahh my heart 😭😍❤️
Waiting on my UBER Batmobile 🦇  @ 5th Avenue, New York
Defo pal.. Have to talk about united or no1 will watch😂
Huge congrats to on a    for 🇨🇦 after mad fall in training
I will never get tired of expressing my gratitude for you guys! Love you 💖
puppy june 🐶
Nooo we should be the good guys here 😎 SUGA SHOOKY
i got my tip jar thrown away😾😾
RT if you love Mang's heart nose! We vote  for  at the  💜 …
Pabllo Vittar dresses as Lady Gaga at the 2009 VMAs! 🐰
Happy bday eloinvvd 🍰🍰🎂🎂😎
▄▄▄◾★🌠 █▄▄▄▄ █ █ ▄▄▄ ▄▄▄ ██▄█ █ █ █▄█ █▄█▄█ 🔸★🌠  ➤ /﹋\_  (҂`_´)  &lt;,︻󾭚󾭚󾭚 💥💥💖 _/﹋\_…
I LIKE BANGTAN BOYS! 👏
my skin is fucking disgusting, what did i do to deserve this 🤒
It’s simple 😭
Why didn’t VH1 adjust the camera for Midget Mac 😭😭
Its still weird 😅
yixing came out when exo were already halfway through growl performance 😂 look at him cutely trying to blend in and adaptin…
📣CALLING ALL ARMY! the iheart "Fanarmy"voting rate gap is currently very small (27k diff.)📣 Armys please retweet &amp; reply to…
Player of the Finals is
me after talking shit with my friend on facetime for 3 hours: everyone should be nicer😌❤️🌻💞🌈🦋
I'm going to miss them sooo much 😭💔
I really do luv them all but for different things! But if you want an answer probably still piano or keys Harry 😎😎🎵…
I need this outfit. 😍
Last Chance to retweet! Some retweeters will get a naughty DM😽
A landmark appearance today - congratulations, Sergio! 🎉👏 🔵🔴
Free ❗️
Jaebeom at Soap Seoul again 🤘
Your energy introduces you before you even speak 💯😁.
you so fucking precious when you 💞💓💗💖💘💓💕💗💖💘 💘 shut the 💞 💕…
My taller, Australian sister 👭
Yasss shanks boo😭💕
Double trouble heating up your screens this Monday AM🔥
I’m so happy for you that’s so lucky and amazing I’m so happy 💞💞💞
Retweet if yu would answer🙏🏻😇
So, I don’t want to get too reminiscent but I LOVED this record 😂
I'M DEAD 😂😭
Happy birthday King Kelly 👑
I literally thought you were fucking Aaron Carter what the fuck        😞    👊/||\_     _/¯    ¯\_ WOW RUDE BLOCKING U…
grandson made a wish he was Brown 👀 Nancy stop Lying ‼️
The way he fell though 🤣
This month I’m gonna start a daily photo thread of some 📸shots that we’ve done so far . Starting Toda…
FOKUS ON THIS MUFUCKAZ!!!! 👁✝👁 = 👁☦👁 I TOLD EM GIVE ME DA BEAT N WATCH I EAT🖕🏾🖕🏾 @ Fort Worth,…
Lef natty fi grow 🦁📴💀💰
Was way better last year 👀
I dunno, I hated the MH game I played for Wii, but really like this one. Regardless, OVERWATCH EVENT DOEIFNCOSIEBFICOFJD.😘
Happy birthday❤️ hope you have a great day😊
Life is hard 💯 but that’s the point of it life is supposed to be made of obstacles and wins to make you better but some…
idk what girls yall hanging out with but me &amp; my bitches some mf clowns . We’ll have ya ass rollinnnnnnnn 😂 …
Disruptive Science 😁
Unless you left on a ton of lights your parents trying to overcharge ya unless electricity costs more where you live 😄
🎃 262 Days Until Halloween! 🎃 .
The beautiful symmetry and scenery of Estadio BBVA Bancomer in Monterrey 🇲🇽😍
Choosing a winner today 😭🙌🏾

This is the best trickshot video I have ever seen 😂
🎥 NUFC TV: Midfielder on the visit of this afternoon. Watch the full interview for free: …
When they restarted the vlive, Everyone: hello! Woojin: jeojang! 👀👀👀
gwe you are allowed to leave yours blank or black 😂😂
Please tweet / retweet / repost to help BTS win their 1st ever iHeart Award! ❤️ ❤️ JHOPE MANG ❤️❤️
This pit bull can't go to sleep unless her dad sings her a lullaby 🎵💤💕
Just help me with 2mil 😂
I fucking hate myself when I’m drunk I’m the most annoying person on the planet🤮
Lol. No problem! Thanks for catching yourself 😂
Can’t wait to see you in a few days ughhhh 😍❤️
Secret Crush secretly loves you! 😳 Who loves you in secret? via
look at the beautiful smile😍😭😍
plug walk🚶🏻‍♂️🕺🏾😂🔥
his best friends love me lmao 😂
Ill be your valentine ❤️❤️
I feel you, Sometimes I have so many problems that I would like to sleep and forget everything but always awake to reality😪
A lot of girls want you babe. You can be my , valentine babe❤
you so fucking precious when you 💞💓💗💖💘💓💕💗💖💘 💘 keep the n-word out ur 💞 💕 mouth if yo…
Last night was really crazy 🤦🏽‍♀️
Thank you so much 💖
The crowd really made a track and Usain run through 😂😂😂
So Valentine is fast approaching and I'm still single AF 😥😥😥 who did I offend 😭😭😭
180209 NY GLOBAL FANMEETING      ㅋㅋㅋㅋ(ｏ´艸｀ｏ)💕
Sorry but tanned ankles just makes ur shoes look 10x better🤷🏽‍♀️x
BTW ALMOST 500k thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️
Jesus is Muslim❓ BTW, this is targeting your children.🤔 You may dismiss it, however it stays in your child's mind.❔ Notice,…
Jennifer Lawrence at the 'Red Sparrow' Press Conference in Los Angeles 🌟
Andy Wank😂
The feeling of ending a run of 43 shots without a Premier League goal. Matt Ritchie 👏  https:/…
Moment of the afternoon tryin to get the leaf blower to work 😂😂
skool luv affair 🥀🐱🐰🥀
cannot wait to watch some wrestling this weekend 😆 it’s been so long since i’ve been to a tourney haha
So I dug up this old news clipping from 1936...🙄
Aston Villa fans singing Don’t Look Back In Anger after their derby win over Birmingham today 📹: …
If you were once part of this family... Then you childhood was lit 🔥🔥🔥
You shine like the 🌟✨⭐️ You 💡 up my 💙❣️💙
If I never met you in person you shouldn't be worried about me period!😂✅ Bitch you don’t even know me!😂😂😭😂😂
OKC mean biddness. 😂😂
Idgaf Where u From ,Who U Know ,Who You With Iont see nun of dat 💯 I’ll throw hands with ANYBODY ANYWHERE on my soul 🗣.
Publix...Publix is their bakery 😒
this is who y’all supporting to post their tiddies on the tl? 😂
180210   SHORT CAM 📽
😂😂😂 never thrown an elbow in ya life ole brittle hand
Welcome back, B.😊
Outstanding all game, keep it up🔥⚫️⚪️
wait till the end..... 😳
workout 💓💓
wait till the end..... 😳
⚠ - Follow Me ( ) ⚠ - I Will Follow Back🔙 Soon🔜  🚑
Happy Birthday🎁💰
team CartX final demo 🚀
she’s a mama’s girl for sure 😭❤️
Back to winning ways! 👊
Made this a while back, wore it for the first time today. Love it. 😊
BTS WORLD is now reservable on TAPTAP app 🌟     …
on this night my son went in the hospital 😑 nothing has been the same. The day he was discharged my grandma (Irene)…
Hi, this is still the best photo ever❤️👌💫
Roseanne😍
100 LIKES and we will start the 12K FIFA POINTS giveaway tonight! 💰✅
Roman Catholic ✨     🇹🇴
This one 👌🏻
💜💜💜 global BTS , global A.R.M.Y, global LOVE &lt; ! this event is only for overseas A.R.M.Y Wherever you live, if you wan…
RT: Powell ES    for Many Physical Activities @ STEM Summer Camp 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
✔️Reply below all EXO's album titles (include keyword) 1 RT = 1 VOTE    DI…
LMAO viwemartins is RUTHLESS 😭🤣
Behind the scenes when I am updating ✌🏽
[ iHeart: Best Boy Band] Day 32 ↗️🔥 Report for accumulated Tweets + RTs for    comp…
DAY 1 of Themed Practices: ROCKSTAR DAY 🎤 “Big hair, don’t care! Loud music, stomp your feet! We’re t…
You reaching for mike and he not even better thn Kobe 🤷🏾‍♂️
Have we ever told you guys that you're the absolute BEST? 👀 We wanna see your picture and video edits for
the lyrics 😭😭😭
What Nicki Minaj sounds like in Bang Bang slowed down😳
Im lowkey dying 😂💀 this ig model girl released her first single and she got massive haters. Ya’ll her rap funny af 😂
Bo problem.💜 can’t wait for the video
[HQ] 171209 Wings Tour The Final Baby don't cry😭😭        https://t.…
🌟Challenge for ARMY🌟 🚫 is currently voting faster than us🚫 ➡So here are 3 surprise rounds to raise our voting rate t…
This snapschat thread is hillarious 🤣😂🤣
Welcome Najaf 😂
MORE THAN 1 MILLION TWEETS ABOUT “ SUGA SHOOKY ” WOW 👏🏻 YOU ARE DOING AMAZING ARMY 🙌🏻 ARMY ARE ON FIRE AGAIN TODAY 🔥🔥 KEEP…
Can't relate.. I'm not a fan 😂
It get boring when you cut everbody off and stay to yourself but it’s so peaceful and drama free 🗣❤️🤞🏾‼️
I’m jealous of those people who can go to sleep as soon as they shut their eyes 😭
The wave like a duragggg 🌊
my family is cuter than yours, look @ my mama 😍
19 school days until spring break! We can do this teachers! 👍🏻
Win 🏆 ★Bayonet | Boreal Forest ⏱️ in 48hr!  -Go -RT&amp;Like⌛️
I know you are watching this game 🔥🏀
When stops by to tell you he's a fan and you totally play it cool. 😅 …
🌷🍃l o v e i s i n t h e a i r .. .• *•. fairytales... 👑
『ponnnop』 BTS J-HOPE and JIMIN came to  !✨ It's a small studio but... They showed us their dances and we had a gr…
🗣 LET’S GO
So hype! Got free tickets to see  on Valentine's day with the misses jmc3p0 💖💞…
Hello Namjoon How are you? 😀
Sexyyyyyy i like you. Eres guapisimoooo 😆
We're doing a great job EXO-Ls! STREAM STREAM STREAM 💪🏻 …
PHIXOS!!!! Let’s stream on Spotify so that EXO songs would be included in the Philippine Daily Top Hits playlist 👌
🖐️ straight dubs. Win 24 ✅
Yeah 💪
Truly an honor 🌹✊ Thank you 😊❤️
he tilted his head and did that squishy smile that puffs out his cheeks: how to be soft in 2 seconds ☹️ …
Love....💕
Im in love with Cee c😍😍😍
"i tried to prank my little brother but he's a little too smooth for me" OMG that was so smooth 😂😂
When you burn that one more bridge 🔥
Highschool: "I have a test this week OMG 😓" College: "I have 2 tests 3 essays and a project I might take a nap then go…
Omfgggg ily Bret😰
what can you say abt annerylle ate haha. just a random qyestion 🙈🙊
Awesome feeling😎 💫 in UP 💫💫 Joh kanoon todega, main uski haddiyan todonga ....!!💥
[🚨] Pied Piper -    (
180224 The ElyXiOn   Hello angel💓💓
I find you should then have the right to go hme 🙃
Been having shit before a Nigga after a nigga with a nigga without a Nigga tf 💁🏾‍♀️
happy sunday🌸
Jungshin liked and commented under Minhyuk post “ Well done 띠끄렁캅 Minhyuk “ Brotherhood 😊😊😊😊
🇺🇸On February 24, 1980, the United States hockey team defeated Finland 4-2 to win the gold medal at the Winter Olympic Ga…
still and will always be my fave series ☹️
😩 You’re right
Me too gurl.. She's amazing 😄😄😄💕
u so fuckin' precious when you ❤️❣️💘💕💖💗💓💞💔❣️💞 💓thoroughly…
J-Hope mixtape tease 💪🏾
I’m getting everyone into Mum... ooh that sounded wrong 😜
Loved meeting you last night 🎶♥️ you killed it at 🙌🏼 come back soon!
- ( Our rate is increasing!! 🏆 Go go ARMY! 🏃🏻‍♀️💨
[VOTE]  for get nominate in  RT and TWEET for get more score 😆 How? Simple. Just put this hastag…
why so cute baby??😍❤️
thank you for that 🙏🏽
Cuckoo pants. Just utter and total crazy is all that seems to come out of your mouth. What the hell happened to you? 😳
Yeah I have the best boyfriend in the world 💞
Once a 🌟 fleet officer always a pompous know it all....🔥🔥🔥🍰
Melon Chart 📊 9:00AM Power 7 Growl 11 Love Me Right 10 Overdose 23 Ko Ko Bop 6 Call Me Baby 13 Monster 12 Universe 5 El…
That’s true babe 😍😍
Repeat after me: God isn’t finished with me yet 👑
I am addicted you , your a high❤️
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (2:00am - 3:00am) 1. BTSARMY - 705.9K+ ↘️…
rt this to gain jungkook stan mutual 🚀 follow whoever retweet this and make sure to follow back! ( )
Billboard is sending emails to some International ARMYs to fix their shipping address using BTS' title songs 😂😂😂 This is so fu…
😂😂"Check out my fingernails, I just got these bad boys done." with the hilarious and awesome commentary at
Butter Chicken Mac &amp; Cheese! 😱🍗🧀
That tongue ....is illegally perfect 😭😋 👍🏻😆👍🏻
⚠️ NEW PLAYLIST⚠️ All the best songs from the 🐐 duo &amp; ⬇️ Let's go ⬇️ https://…
📷 kaiskreator: Where can I get this shirt Yes I need this shirt
This is just fantastic! 🔥💯
Wish I had more dj friends to nerd out over all this new equipment pioneer is releasing. 🙄😒👎🏻
Had an unexpected twitter link up with and 😂😂
We want to wish all our fans and especially our members a very happy Christmas!🎄🎄🎄 And here comes your Christmas present.…
Yo what's happening follow for the best gaming content you will ever see, because it's 🔥🔥🔥. CHALLENGE VIDEO…
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨 vote rate falling.  is increasing. Please Mass Tweet / RT now. TAE TAE.
TAE TAE is still trending Worldwide🌎 with over 932,000 tweets!🙏 ➡Remember our goal is to get to 1.5M tweets before it s…
Mix!!🎵🎶 ~ing
I need to find somebody to braid my hair for spring break 😭
look at what he named his highlight shades 😹💕🌴 i’m definitely buying this palette lmao. ily you’re representing…
Anything to say jovon? Or nah 🤷🏾‍♂️😂
y’all remember this legendary hoseok fancam? 😭💖💓💘    @
Bitch said... All ur post not funny...Bitch all ur kids not cute... Tell man man his shoes on the wrong feet 😭😭😭
[🎮] 2) Where this screenshot comes from? To unlock your next piece, you need 300 replies on this tweet! You have 30 min…
The praise and adulation mean even more with a tribute attached. 😍
Handshake from granny 😊😊
Follow everyone who LIKES this tweet. 🍈
Great points back to winning ways 👍⚽
Yeah sis... this just about sums it all up🤷🏾‍♂️
Go listen to Bro right Now! His music wavy asf !! 🔥🔥🙇🏽‍♂️
Glad I was there experiencing it live, unbelievable✌
That tongue ....is illegally perfect 😭😋 👍🏻😆👍🏻
I’m movin 👌🏽😌
180224   Binnie's Oh My Talk update [trans] [  Binnie is here~~ kyokyokyo goodnight&gt;_&lt; ➡ https:…
💙💙255 DAYS TO MAKE CONGRESS BLUE!💙💙 NOVEMBER 6, 2018
They beat us my senior year for the first of the four. 😖
Omm I put this on the book ✍🏼
Can we reach my target of 10k followers by Easter I wonder 🤔 It would be lovely to cross this off my bucket list 😁x Plea…
You guys have forks? Like unicorns in my workplace 😂
A buzzer-beating poster to send it to OT!?!? 😳
🏏  Women 5th T20I 🏏 Weather seems to have dampened the scoring prowess of the  🇮🇳- 1️⃣6️⃣6️⃣/…
Hayst😔
🔥Giveaway 🔥 🎁M4A4 | Bullet Rain 9$🎁 - Retweet + Follow - Tag friend - Visit ✔️ - 72 hour…
Baby girl. 🐵
I wanna go kampin 🏕
Our beautiful  ..... I LOVE this photo, it exemplifies love for the 🇺🇸 USA 🇺🇸 . shows eleg…
i’m in love w/ being your mommy💜
[HD] 180224 Show Champion Kpop World Fiesta      🐇💘 (Cr: Knock Out) …
BTS Yes , I Stand Respect ✋ For our Respectable Kim Taehyung , that's…
Hash tag for today  power tweet tayo ALS family 💓😘 ht…
📺 Watch Live Cams Now! 🔞 Real People Naked &amp; Having Sex 🎥Live on Webcam 24/7 ↴ Click ••► Click…
Ive never seen something so beautiful 😢
Thank you so much ❤️ my birthday doesn't end until Sunday! Lol
It finally makes sense how they got these kids to agree to live in Tucson... 😈😈
Rt for a s/o ❤️
Yes!  CB👑
❤️If it's not you, It's can't be anyone else
This is what happens when talented BAME women are allowed on the platform. Absolute class! 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 …
10 points if you get it in your mouth
MAX: 1000 ARMYs JOIN NOW🔥 💜TAE TAE💜    …
I refuse to stay in tonight 😒 I need a bottle of wine or 2
i’m in love w/ being your mommy💜
"Mundo" 📷: Edited by: meeee
A part of Aoi Shouta interview from Voice Stars (autumn issue) A little commemorative present for 7th debut anniversary ⭐️…
i’m so done 🤦‍♀️
⚠️ DAILY GIVEAWAY! (24 Hrs) ⚠️ 1️⃣ Tag 2 Friends 🙋🏻‍♂️🙋🏼‍♂️ 2️⃣ Like &amp; Follow Our Page! 👍 3️⃣ Participate: ➡️ https://t…
🚨⬇️🚨⬇️🚨⬇️🚨  is only 25K+ behind voting rate and is catching up fast. Please Tweet / RT votes faster ARMY. Ou…
Sechung as doctors. A concept 👌🏻👌🏻
I like the way you taste👅💦
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (12:00am - 1:00am) 1. BTSARMY - 980.7K+ ↗️…
Exactly baby😹
I’ll stop bothering you soon lmao but look! My dad lives out in Barbados 🇧🇧 He got to the book today and h…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (8:00am - 9:00am) 1. BTSARMY - 282.9K+ ↗️🔥…
One of the Best scenes in the movie  , watch it until the End 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 &gt;.These items are not for sale&lt;&lt; ...boo…
Can someone supply us the video 👽
My brother man 💙
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (8:00am - 9:00am) 1. BTSARMY - 282.9K+ ↗️🔥…
I’m the greatest 😂
When tae was ranting for the wings tour shoot bc he had a hard time bc he keeps on bending his neck just to look up 😂
Ronaldo has now scored the same number of goals as Messi this season... in fewer games 👀
Let's go  💜 Retweet if you follow back 💜 Follow everyone
Save the 🔫 Amendment 🔫RIGHTS Fight Back Make them Feel our VOICE &amp; MONEY TALK 🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫 U.S. bank…
Big Steve!!! Never disappoints ❤️
When you meet the new roommate in the kitchen... 😜😜 1
🎊 EXOLYMPICS COUNTDOWN 🎊 🌟9000 RTS 🌟 💫4000 REPLIES 💫     …
- ( Our rate is increasing!! 🏆 Go go ARMY! 🏃🏻‍♀️💨
Folks, if you're driving to Ibrox today then access to the away car park for cars and buses is off Broomloan Road 🚗
I want so much for myself &amp; ima get it.... By any means 🙌🏾
6 days before KickCity Token Sale starts! 🔥 Join our Whitelist 👉 And Check out KickCity page at Ic…
📢 ¡Daremos esta  a un Fav (❤) random! 🌞💕 ▶ 👤Follow: - - - ▶ 🔔No…
Love mamma💛
Thank you kak I miss you too 😊💞💞
[ Vote and Trend ] I don't know  but I know TAE TAE =))) Let's Vote 👉  BTS ( to 4:00am Viet Nam ) Cre v…
But I live in Karachi so yeah I support Karachi kings.🌚
Wake up and smell the coffee cherries! 🍒
Follow everyone who LIKES or RETWEETS this.🧙‍♂️
Follow everyone who Retweets &amp; Likes this🌼
find the sad little face: 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁 you coul…
[INSTAGRAM CAROUSEL] xolovestephi: 💜 (4P)
Y'all can't be doing this to me 😢😢😢
Feels like forever even if forever’s tonight :) 🎶💞
starring 😂😂😂
Oh no trust me it wouldn’t be 😭😭😭😭
8 episodes... huh... 😳😒 what happened to the time we had 12? 😩
🐨: i miss my hyungs of the problematic men cast too. hwaiting problematic men! i feel kinda lonely and awkward cheering…
🔵🔵🔵 PussySyndicate 🔵🔵🔵 🔵🔵🔵🔵🔵🔵🔵🔵 🔵 🔵 🔵 🔵 🔵 🔵 🔵 🔵 🔵 🔵 🔵…
Colton Haab vs David Hogg Town Hall Forum on 🔥No script, No bias, No BS🔥 School Security vs Gun Control ROTC Hero…
UPCOMING DATES - ( + MORE TBA + ) NY - 3.2 ⚡ SF - 3.9 ⚡ PARIS - 3.17 ⚡ PRAGUE - 3.28 ⚡ BERLIN - 3.29 ⚡ LDN - 3.30…
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Herb innat bitch probably jus tryna eat a honey bun in peace while 100 niggas in his face tryna freestyle for him 😭
😍In just over 24 hours  will perform in the      https://…
TYL 🙏🏻 @ Mt. Carmel Church Lipa City
💯it’s that simple
Win 🏆 ★AWP | Hyper Beast ⏱️ in 24hr! -Go -RT&amp;Like⌛️
✨♥️thanks lovely xx
SHE SO WRONG FOR THIS 😂😂
btw would you be offended if I wondered out loud how bears are able to use smartphones? 😁 I'm talking a…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (2:00am - 3:00am) 1. BTSARMY - 705.9K+ ↘️…
🎀👧🎀👧🎀👧🎀👧🎀 Good morning, 🎀🎀💖 and 🎀🎀💖 Proud and dedicated to serving My Two Princess. 🎀🎀💖 Woman or…
[TRANS] 180224 nctsmtown’s Twitter update “Hello everyone hehe! How is BOSS' stage on music core today? -JWoos 💚” Translated…
Cams show super 😘❤️
When you know how to value yourself 💕😍
we will miss you 😘 — feeling sad
Killing time. Not the wrost table 🤷🏻‍♀️
I’m voting for     -🐠
🔽Fuck with local hotties at 🔽 ▶😎😎✨ porn Limited sex Japan xxx Shot punishment nsfw Boss vi…
While everyone is talking about black haired jimin im praying for this look to come back us 💥
⚽️ 36: GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Leo Messi makes it 3-1!
Have a gooddayy soojungiee❤❤❤
stopp 😭 ily
Thank you 😅
The  show is coming to your TV screen next month! 📺
Have you voted for  to win at our  yet?! ➡️
Yes...... I did this 18 years ago when Mae Young was in her prime. She was only 81 years old. 😃   https…
New Tanks 😍 Shop for these 🙏
i wish 😭
Birthday mood 🎉
Want the same camera as LISA? 👉Amazon: Ebay 👉Silver: 👉Brown: https:…
[🗳️] iHeart Vote 1:    -
warm and cozy😊💖
Trans: It was cold today! Thank you very much 😍
🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️ don’t  refer to this as  Or is he just being a   tw…
The Ace Family are killing this YouTube thing man😭🔥❤
Scenes from training 📸
How you coolin when you can’t even throw 5$’s 🤔
"And you are Mick Brown, father of Mike Brown..." "Yep, a bit short on ideas in our family." 😂 Mike Brown's dad with a…
Stop trying tell me bout myself , you don’t even know my real name 💀
If you had to pick one to be Prime Minister of the UK who do you choose? Retweet 🇬🇧🇺🇸
Typical conversation of people who are ripe for marriage 😂😂😂
🙌 🚨 The 2018 Emoji List 🚨 🙌 📝 157 new emojis 🆕 Redheads, bagel, lobster, softball and more 🗓 Coming to phones in the secon…
I aint gone lie im tryna come even harder 😂😂😂
since women over 30 got the vote in 🇬🇧 90 years since women could vote on equal terms with men 43% of
Too precious for this world 😭😂😂😂😭😭😭
🔥We have more tweet than the other group for the last hr. Keep the tweets coming🔥
THIS WILL NEVER BE NOT FUNNY JK’s humor is something else 😂 JUNGKOOK DAY    …
180207 — Jihoon Is this real???😭💓💓💓
laugh like Nelson from the simpsons😂
Funny you know. Fighting with just pump actions? I don't believe it. Not a single Laser, AK, MG or RPG is seen.😟😟
i have this audio as my alarm lmao    -🐙
Flip Knife Doppler FN GIVEAWAY UNTIL 03.03.2018 TO ENTER: ☢Follow ☢RT + LIKE + TAG 2 FRIENDS ☢Subscri…
Imagine if I get this for Valentines😍😍😫😫 Use code : VALENTINE30 to get 30% OFF! Limited time ONLY! Shop Now : https://t.…
i hope you can go!! 💗
you don’t even have a license 💀
But Arun Jaitley has Justice A Goswamy's endorsement for his actions! Who can question that?😑
When you wake up the next morning after going out and find that water bottle on your nightstand 😂
you know my personal website?? I LOVE IT!!! enter to see all my videos and pics!!! 😍😘😍 go to&gt;&gt; h…
After watching the 2x speed dance, the normal song seems slow now. 😂
🔥 MASS TWEET STARTS NOW 🔥 Trend this keyword "CHINA SHEEP"    CHINA SHEEP
➡️⬅️ RT to see the next part 😜
RT: Beautiful Interiors 🏘 🏠 🏡 🏙
We love you boo 😘
also thank you ARMY for making all this possible! 💜
so you think my  out of style? C'mon feel the   😉🧐🇺🇸😀🤘
My body hurt 😭😢
4 G’s : God , Goals , Growing , &amp; Glowing 🙇🏽‍♀️™️.
rt this tweet + follow if you have never won from me! 🙊 I might slide in your dms with a surprise!
I’m wife, bitch. 🤡🤓
put my boo to sleep 😚
Not picky, I just know what I want. 💯
RT: Learn more about upcoming   - Register Now! 🆒 🌞 🕰️
The Bond We Shared I Faked It😂🤦🏽‍♂️💔🚮 Fuck On ✌🏾🤣🤣
Cool guy 😎
1 RT = 1 VOTE 1 REPLY = 1 VOTE 🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻    NINI BEAR
Signature styles are $25 today only! 👙 Limited quantities! Act fast! 😘 Gets yours from ☀️ http…
[[Night CHALLENGE]] 1k Rt 500 reply Don't forget to streaming 'Goodbye Christmas' while you mass tweeting!🙌 Let's gooo…
How I feel after voting for  for  🚀
Women Cute Animal Shape Card Holder 11 colors option, worldwide sale✈ Now 45% OFF! US$8.99 only😍
Idk, I don’t ready between the lines. Gotta come direct 😂
Yes I love you too Baby ❤️❤️
1RT = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote    NINI BEAR 🙊
🌼💞 4 Wonders Of Life 💞🌼 🌸💫
1: Retweet this✅🎄 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet✅🎄 3: Follow back all that follow you✅🎄 4: Gain with  🔥
🇵🇱 Poland passes controversial Holocaust bill
⠀ 💕💖✨　　 💕 💖 ✨ ✨　　 💕 ✨　　 ⠀ 💕 💕 i need my 💖　 ✨ tiddies sucked ✨ 　　💖…
🌸 I will only take off this mask when its my turn to greet you in the aisle, "welcome on board, Mr. Park. 🌸
this is the level of usage i crave 🤤🤤🤤
Look at Showmu jumping on the mini trampoline omg so cute, and then he broke the studio walls 😂😂😂
CORAL Tottenham v Newport County ⚽️50/1 A goal to be scored £1 Max stake,Min £5 Deposit Plus £5 Free bet if lose…
FREE SCOOPS 😹😹😹😹
My mom volunteers alongside him and countless others 😊
$CPY by is now listed on  Last chance to get 5% Bonus Tokens 👉 …
Toilet Boardroom Surprise Prank 😝...
My horoscope was so true today omg 😮
some of these dele alli edits have me crying 💀😂
seriously can’t wait to get my hair done lol 😩
Unbelievable what these two friends did for  😱🥑    -
Tottenham away 👀 Wembley bound 💛🖤
Will Smith recreating “Icon” video is enough reason to unfollow everyone else but him on Instagram 😂😂 ht…
👀 Retweet if you followback 👀  🐒🐺🦋🐱
🇿🇦  Provisional Elite ITT Results: 🥇 Daryl Impey 🥈 🥉 Rohan du Plooy Provisional u23 ITT Resu…
the energy i’m trying to be on all 2018 🙌🏼
Was inspired by the women around me to paint this...we are really so magical ✨🌻
Nook &amp; Zy sleep 😴
[🏆] JUNGKOOK DAY:    -
The fact that people still eat wingstop is actually disturbing as fuck 🤮
Julie?? Lmaoo u mean kylie 😭
I sing sometimes 😊
[PIC/PRESS] 180208 OH MY GIRL At SOPA Graduation Ceremony [©on pics]
One more hour in this bitch 😩👏🏾🔥🔥🔥
This mountain ring means so much to me! 😍⛰ got mine here
You hear me 📍
Move to Chicago 😜 haha
At least her friends shut her down real quick 😂
When guys take pictures for girls 😂
Pancakes vos y netflix always ✨❤
We're voting ( →  for  at  🔥  🔥
My week on Twitter: 2 New Followers &amp; 1 Retweets - 🚀 Grow your followers with
if you don’t know, now you know ❄️ rt?
THE BIG K-TOWN! 🎉 See you in Bristol 😊 • Mikey
👑 Bowie Knife Slaughter Factory New ($230) GIVEAWAY! 🍬 Retweet and Follow! 🍬 Tag a Friend! ⏰ Winner will be drawn in 2…
🔴 LIVE on -
This moon lamp is the coolest thing ever 😍 I got mine from 🌕
this song with me &amp; $teven Cannon is literally nuts. 🔥 xanarchy💔 + 💰🅱️
Daily piano concert today in Chopin Salon at 7.30 pm. Come to Smolna 14 street. More ➡
Why is this me 🙄😂
Horde does have one silly 😋
Hasty getaway 😂
Weed Parrot 😂
ROOKIE OF THE YEAR: DPR LIVE 🤘
Me too😍
have a jhopeful day❤💛💚💙💜💖
it’s pouring rain in Knoxville, I’m not trynna go to work and stand in the rain 😂
GIANNIS JUMPED OVER HIM 😳
[ iHeart: Best Fan Army] Day 29 ↗️ Report for accumulated Tweets + RTs for    c…
goodnight sweetheart, tomorrow is gonna be a great day 💘 sweet dreams, love you
I can’t get more than 2 stars on hard mode 💀💀 3 would be a miracle
Who is ooyf so I can @ him 😬😬 but love youuuu😬
She's so good 😍
OMG I NEED 🔥
But why they gotta throw the second one 😂😂
🏉Rugby fans🏉 RETWEET this tweet and we'll send you regular local and international rugby updates directly on Twitter.
That’s why I can’t take that risk.  😊
you slay me and I love you 😻 and your vids
No panties wednesday 😍😍
Leigh via Instagram story ✈️    - A
Thanks 🖖🏽😘
🏈🏈 First take 🏈🏈 My Reaction to  featuring and (Pt. 2) Full Length Link: https…
👽🤖👾 if you think it you can do it..or at least get high and do it 😈 🎥
😂😂 brilliant spot on
It's JUNGKOOK DAY 🐰👑🌟
That Ndubuisi John Okey must have been the final stroke (painment) that drove the animals maaaad!! 😂😂😂
Really? 😔 im ignorant on this. Di ko alam may keme sya sa kidney. How are you now?
[INFO] 180208  is currently trending  in Korea! 🎉
The  app now gives you 𝟓𝟎 bucks to use for 🆓 &lt;&lt;   😊👉MIGUELT10👈😊
TOO EASYYYY🤘🏾✨
Google👉Same company who funded a campaign protecting a law that shields a notorious hub of child sex-trafficking, https:/…
I wanna be laid up getting my hair played in while watching funny movies that make our stomachs hurt 🙆🏾‍♀️
🔥 See me live, Sex Chat For Free! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ https…
Will never forget this one 🤣🤣
Just dropping by to say you're one of the most amaze accounts I know 😌 Thanks for all your effort &amp; daily blessings 😍👏🏻 Stay…
WELCOME BACK TO THE PHILIPPINES MYLOVE ❤💕😫😍😍😍PLEASE COME HERE IN DAVAO 😩😩😩😩😩 ILOVEYOU❤
CHALLENGE📣 TODAY'S KEYWORD IS:NINI BEAR 1500 RTS 500 Comments Tag 6 EXO accounts:
Is that 3 or 2? 🏀
🏆ARMY did an incredible job once again🏆 ➡We increased the gap by 2,120,000 votes in the past 24 hours🔥 💫Please let aim…
Aw thank you Dylan. We don’t talk much but ilu and have good memories 💕
My finger is pulsating 👀
THANK YOU VERY MUCH!! 🇺🇸
Great day starts with 👑 and ☕️  👶🏼👑👩‍👦❤️
y'all goin hard 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
My birthday tomorrow. Surely someone should make me one 😏
Nice 😎👍
Good night to everyone.🌚💫
Soo the Chubby guy is now the Buff guy?😕
People switch up so quick, it’s crazy 🤯
171021 © 705PAGE
Yes Yes!     🔥
Best friend plss 😭😭😭😭 i need you now 😭😭😭
My Free videos❤️••► My Free videos🧡••► My Free videos💚••►…
The total vote rate between BTSARMY &amp; E*** on the ‘iHeartAwards’ in 1 hour  Tweets: 390,200k+ ⬆️ Retweets: 35…
😂 it’s charmander..idk why hyung is like this
❄️AWP | Graphite  ❗️ GET MONEY FOR FREE: ⛄️ Like + RT + Follow us ⛄️ Paste your profi…
🌟ARMY!🌟 We are currently MASS VOTING💪 ➡Our keyword today is JUNGKOOK DAY
growing back to your old style？ .....😊
⚡️ Think fast! What's the first word you think of when you hear "JUNGKOOK"? REPLY with "JUNGKOOK DAY" and the voting hashta…
❄️ set but 🐕👃 still good PD Sally tracked a shoplifter through church yard located him hiding in a shed  now int…
Subscribed and followed you as thevalueofamoment 🌷
[🏆] JUNGKOOK DAY:    -
That moment senpai notices you 😦 Thanks again ya’ll! Oh, and I will try the fish...eventually 😉
dont think ive been this happy in a long time 💏❤
[🔔] 180208 PARK JIHOON 🚩 Press Photos during Jihoon's Graduation Ceremony at Seoul School of Performing Arts (SOPA)…
Anyone can offer sex but not everyone can offer intellectual stimulation 🎯
i’m just talking shit 😂
053. "True spirituality is a mental attitude you can practice at any time." - Dalai Lama  🌻🌻🌻
Adulting 101... Using “noted” instead of “K” 🤣
This!👌🙌 Innovate! Resist complacency, create new norms, and embrace positive change!
Chris tweeted two days in a row.. I'm alive!!! 💖💖💖
Sex flashbacks period, whenever. Can’t focus for shit!! 🤭
Please, say the boys take a rest and please come back Mexico and I love them so much 💕 pd: ky…
thank you, love 💜
📹 Weki Meki members dance to  GOGO in their reality show 'Weki Meki, What's Up? Video cr: ginger4him …
This is the closure we all needed ♥️
This rain has me all kinds of tired 😩
let’s work ‼️🙌🏾
🔪 Karambit | Vanilla Giveaway * Winners in 24 hours!
Fourth new member of the 2018 Oregon State men's soccer team is Anthony Atilola! 👉🏼 Stay tuned…
y’all go check out for the cutest outfits!!!💓💓
FINGERS BLUE 🌵🌐
1: Retweet this✅🐱 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet✅🐱 3: Follow back all that follow you✅🐱 4: Gain with  🔥
Bringing this back to the TL, Hope Keke having a great day 👌🏾🙏🏾.
Why the do him like that 💀
This was my exact response LMAOOOOOO😂😂😂😂😂 YEAHHHHH😂 💯
Damn ! Cena. Styles. What a match. Royal rumble 2016... 16times... 😉
You gotta be HER peace too... Because she be goin through shit jus like you 🤦🏾‍♀️
" Unrealistic Visual " | Wanna One Ong Seongwu ❤ Like the post and comments! ✏ Write comments! htt…
Breaking News: GOT7’s arrival at Thai airport turned out to be bigger than actual fan meetings. Worlwide kings 👑 🌍
omg i can’t wait for y’all to see what i have in store for y’all like 😛 watch me work !
😦 So fit so very hotness ♥️
and  are here to bless your ears 😍 More
eyes gon fall out 😂
Help find these young girls please👍 as if they could be your daughters RT
babies😍
G Eazy went in on No Limit 🔥
Rt ...if u trust in God ☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺…
Learning life lessons early. Might as well wake up because you're going to school  🍀
Should have gone to specsavers 😂
..aaaaand box, box, box! ✅ 59 laps on the board, more than everybody else so far 👍🏼 📻 Well done you can ju…
⚡️ Which BTS member said that his original childhood dream was to be a farmer? →
Shay via Instagram Stories (📷shaymitchell)
Our BEST actress KCMB! 😭
Shake of the Day: Captain Crunch 👮‍♂️🍓 *Tea is complimentary, when you purchase The Shake of the Day!* 🍹 • • •
goodluck self, 🤗
Revolutionary music from SaNa + Epic Thalaivar Entry =🔥🔥🔥   …
man if you gotta explain who suge knight is to these mfs they don’t even need to be reading this 😭
Omg I shouldn’t have bought them:// ate like four pop tarts today 😂
[PIC] 180227 campus_plus Instagram Update 🔗
Ben Pelman game stats: 6 IP, 2 H, 0 R, 1 BB, 8 Ks. Solid outing. Safe to say:   🔥🇮🇱
I look bad but CONGRATS TO MY BROTHER!!
I’m just tired of having to deal w/white fragility day in and day out. I want to be left alone 😭
Imma make it look sexy..  🍯
Every word you'll say is in your eyes ▪ Xiumin
⚠️ Just a friendly REMINDER 👍🏻 [from Left to Right] 🔥 CHANYEOL ⚡️ CHEN ❄️ XIUMIN 🏃🏻‍♂️💨 KAI 🍃 SEHUN…
The love of my life, I miss you 😢♥️
id try this with my mom but i know she’d just call me and start yelling 😂💀
Perrie on Ellie’s Instagram story @ FlipOut Manchester yesterday ❤️    - A https://t…
Was meant to say coric my bad 😂 good win from him
For the first time in NBA posteryard history, we have a burial and a resurrection in the same night. Jakob Poeltl: 🙏🏼…
Here is your chance to win 1000 free   🚀Vote for listing AMM tokens on the and…
maluma is so damn fine 😍💖😘
💗 baby Chicago 💗
😳😳... Comcast challenges Murdoch with £22bn bid for Sky - business live
The cast of A  ✨ Catch the film in theaters March 9.
Time to wake up Buck.. ❤
how to cook my first Turkey 🦃
Lmao this is so funny😂😂😂😂
Yes please 😍 Sundress season approaching.
Go or not to go..errr, dilemma..😣
Woah just sent me a classic!! I’m BOUTTA fuck this shit up! 🔥🔥🔥😷
The games daughter 👌
Moniter 🎶🎵 ing 🛫✈️🛬 WITH Supreme Boi
Gallery  | Statue |  💜💜💜 My NEW  Follow her  …
Moniter 🎶🎵 ing 🛫✈️🛬 WITH Supreme Boi
Guess one day I’ll get lucky enough to find someone who doesn’t lie 24/7 &amp; actually treats me right 🤷🏼‍♀️
Moniter 🎶🎵 ing 🛫✈️🛬 WITH Supreme Boi
Good morning baby 💖 lemme take this off for you 😙
Moniter 🎶🎵 ing 🛫✈️🛬 WITH Supreme Boi
mA 😻😻😻 incredible artwork
Shout out to the student section tonight, thanks for all the support this year❤️🐯
I love looks that include glitter 😍✨
💟This hottie loves a good fuck! 💟 Enter here ♥ ♥ Enter here ♥ ♥ https:/…
🤔 how do people ever find trumps horrible old tweets I wonder
My EX taught me all this freaky shit just for me to do it for another nigga🤣
i'm a sucker for some romantic shit 😩😩
Batman takes on D1 😎 8-0
PARK JIMIN 🏵 HOPE DAY
Set It Off 🔊
I bet NBA could throw jania off a bridge she still going defend him😂😂 "kentrell was just trying see if i could fly thats a…
lashes are so pretty, but I know once you start wearing them you can't see ya self w/o'em 😭
NEW SINGLE RELEASE TEASER ➡️ 2018. 03. 05
I’m such a good girl like i literally be at work or home even on my days off 😂but I’m stacking for vacations all 2k18 😛😍
🏄‍♀️You're gonna be stranded on a desert island and you can only take 5 EXO songs with you, which songs would you pick? I'll…
Exactly 🙇🏾‍♀️
[ RT if you are an ARMY and you can’t wait for Hobi’s mixtape. 🔥🔥🔥
Gabriel Naww sweetie I'm not annoyed. You're so nice ❤thx for always helping me and cheer up baby~❤ A really nice mutual/friend
Every time I see her my heart goes💞💓💗💖💘💝💕 Thought we might need this today... Feel free to save them but PLS DONT RE…
even if we may be opposites, i'll still love you the same. happy sixth month of debut 💛  …
I’m not a scammer, I just know what it’s like to struggle with these beasts, in case you’re worried 😉🤣
I wouldn’t have minded 😂😂
That’s right 💪🏻
Cometh the hour, cometh the man? ⏰ Real Madrid have 30 minutes left to break the deadlock against Espanyol, will they do i…
PayPal  !!! Win some PayPal MONEY 💰 
Todays Vaction 3.30 us 8) three dollars 30 cents sorry not sorry bobo 🌴
Wasn't looking for love 'till I found you 💚
Happy Monday.😍😍😍😍😍
This is why teenagers should not make legislative decisions 😂
Have you visited the Prospector's Corner 🏞️on  Find things like keys,🔑st…
Buzzing 🧤
❕ This is a shawols only event ❕ Hello friends i'm doing a shinee giveaway, feel free to rt if you want to participat…
Here's the petition to sign on banning single-use plastic bags in  🇳🇿. Many countries already have taken this…
Great news to all our friends at Brunei! 🇧🇳 You can find our selected books at (booth no. 62 &amp; 63) at the P…
Same except for the fact that I can’t afford tickets 🙃
all these niggas hitting my phone and ion want none of em, that’s a damn shame😂🤷🏽‍♀️
One of the coolest baseball trips ever, have been to two of the locations in these images ⚾️
Arsenal will beat City on Thursday. City played in a cup final on Sunday. Arsenal didn't. Advantage 💪
My health, or school work? 🤔
Huge Tuesday Sale! I think I’ll be good with clothes all summer!😱😱😭 Just got like 20 outfits for 12 bucks. Thank me…
Thank you so much for being so kind and welcoming to us ❤️
I be acting real cool but I’m bout to start acting realllll crazy 😈
stephanie brown | spoiler 💛 batgirl (2011)
County Be A Voter! 🌟 TODAY - Tuesday 2/27 🌟  🌟Special Democratic Primary Runoff 🌟Alab…
Abuja Delivery ✈️ . . Set of 8 Size: 5x7 holla to get yours done! Delivery Across Nigeria 🇳🇬
READY? GET SET...... 🏁🏁🏁GOOO🏁🏁🏁 👉Retweet + Like if you're not gaining!! 👉Follow everyone who RT + Like!! 👉Gain 650+ Activ…
No you dont😏
The   The  Of…
The Solid Gold Limited Time Mode is now live! Jump in and try out some legendary weapons ✨
DIRECT📶STREAM PERV📛📲🎦SHOW ▶️
i just got my reply... the fact that the admins are replying to us one by one (even to my simple and short comment)... 😭 than…
Fitting ✊🏽✊🏽
Moniter 🎶🎵 ing 🛫✈️🛬 WITH Supreme Boi
♋️ CANCER - 2 ♋️
Moniter 🎶🎵 ing 🛫✈️🛬 WITH Supreme Boi
Punter Donnie Jones has announced his retirement from the NFL after 14 seasons. Congratulations on a great career, Donnie! 📰:…
Kohli at the double! We throw back to an extended purple patch for India's run-machine ➡️ http…
I’m bringing Atlanta to Albany Watch me live wit me March 24th All traps closed its  ‼️🔥🎦 http…
He flirted with shawn I'm sad for zayn and niall. 😔😔
I’m ready for warmer days and tanner skin😍☀️
Whump Whump Whump 🔥 They're all popping smoke and gettin outta Dodge tonight😎
Oh yeahhh my boy. stay hot kid❗️❗️
Just sent in my application for the criminal justice national honor society. Hard work pays off 👏🏽
Our appeal against the red card shown to Adama Traore at on Saturday has been a success 🔴⚪️ Full story 👉🏽 https:/…
[rpw] where is my enthu? 👉👈
For you🌹. I’m Yours my love ❤️👀 (Rt, sigo al azar) 🙈
Let’s keep voting 🏆🏆    x Original Photo: BTS Japan ht…
⚽ FIRMINO ⚽ MANE ⚽ SALAH ⚽ followtrain. ⚽ Retweet this ✓ ⚽ Like this ✓ ⚽ Follow all who Like &amp; R/T ✓ (and there wil…
Build a snow leather-man and send me a picture. 😜
 C A L M
Hold up! BTSxPUMA again? I’m not ready for this!! 😱
110k telegram no. 1 channel Join this channel for daily 50-100% profit trading signals 👉
🎤💢🎡🎶💥💫🔥💡🔛🎼🎳🎻📉〽️ "Wayo" : 🎵▶️on  / on your 📻 Cc :
💗 baby Chicago 💗
25, no house, no whip &amp; dreams still not coming true yet.. 😭😭😢
People Love callin me by my instagram name 😭😭
What a Prince 🤴🏻 😭
I promise🖤🌚
Gossip girl 😍
😉As we get older , the type of sedation considered might change, as well as pre-procedure asse…
[🚨] Let’s hope for good news at the KMAs tomorrow! It’s 100% decided by experts &amp; the real “Korean Grammy.” — The show will…
My camera roll is full of kyungsoo's pics and here I am still complaining that I can't find new pics of him to save😭
i'm the undisputed squirt queen 💦💦
Highly recommended💞💞
I’m happy so idc what they sayin 🤷🏾‍♀️
TOMORROW PO!!!! 💕💕💕
Well u showed more passion than those Arsenal players on the pitch 🤣
Sad of you.. 😂
I really miss the chefs menu meal kits - I got used to getting one like every other day. 😢
Maaaaaan I can’t wait for Opening Day and  baseball 😍
I can’t tweet “come get me” because I real life don’t have anybody that fwm heavy like that. 🤷🏾‍♀️
🚨Less than 2 weeks left to vote for  in the  Let's give our all and win this toget…
Follow everyone who LIKES this🔑✅
💍 Signup for the Best FREE Sex Cams 💍 Get your free tokens now ↴ Free Register 💎 Free Register 💎…
What's your favorite way to eat pot pie? 😋
Rock Band drum skills don't count 🙃
180222    baby bear stay warm 🐻💛
[SEHUN] I love the medals. ❤
Alpine Train 3D - top scenic railroad simulator game for kids by Jeremy Horton and David Wolff 🚂🚂🚂🚂🚂🚂🎁🏆 …
[ send Hades ] 👤 : 📍 : 🦁 Room “Congratulations! Your items has just arrived!”
“These two cuties with their tiny feet and cute socks” -Denise CUTIE NI KATH 😍
Ready to go home 😭
The longest snipe ever recorded 😱
Sorry man I took them ... couldn’t help myself 🤷🏻‍♂️
The world is filled with good vibes and that is what i seek 🎶
💄 The Best Free 18+ Dating Site 💋 Get your Fuck Buddy Now ! Click ➤ Click ➤ …
Lovely Pic 🤗 Cover TV Anime: citrus Ending Theme CD 💿
👏Attention!👏Spring is near, which means it's a good time to upgrade your wardrobe! Get your  swag and other esse…
RT: GreenBriar East ES    for 3D Game Programming (1-6th Grade) @ STEM Summer Camp 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
This is so fucking peaceful ❤️
We miss you lucho 😔😭♥️
I Hate Beefin with my Shawty .. But That Makeup Sex Be Somethin Differnt 🤦🏾‍♂️ .. Why We Gotta Fight Babyyyy ???
📍Home 🏡
Moniter 🎶🎵 ing 🛫✈️🛬 WITH Supreme Boi
Im my defense I didn’t know the kid was gay lmfaoo 😂😂
Warmer weather means more days outside exploring  ☀  📷 credit: . .
Fuck your pride man, just tell her u miss her , tell her how u feel…😴💯
big facts 😂🤞🏾
"You're Mine" Till when??? She asked She got the answer In the pause He made💔
The players reactions to Fergie are hilarious😂😂
I will be having a baby boy blessings on blessings 👶🏽💙🙏🏾
OMG I need this 😱🔥‼️
Idek , but im at the point of just giving up and letting go ✌🏽
Y’all gon have to learn to stop putting k army’s on a pedestal 🤥🤥
uh oh, here we go again..👀🌊
Tu love ❤    EXO CHEN
I’m watching and loving it. These are some ☘️🐶thanks to and all the rescue groups and rescue pa…
Streaming? I get off work at 9😩
Judge Jeanine Pirro~ “The FBI needs a complete overhaul, A Complete cleansing” She’s Right, 👉The Florida Shooting Could…
Weekend Hot Clicks: Happy Birthday, MJ 🐐
1️⃣1️⃣ days until first pitch... In 2017, current catcher led the team with 1️⃣1️⃣ doubles and…
U can’t control other people only how u react to them 💡
What an under appreciated song🤦🏽‍♀️
Hyukjae, Donghae &amp; the birthday boy!❤️ Happy Birthday    ♡ ू꒰  ะ  ꒱ु ⁺⑅…
We can do   Book trailers $100 see samples ↪ Email Bookswithhookstrailers
killin’ it! 😂
💥REMINDER: Guns are not the problem, the “Will to Kill” mindset is‼️
Retweet if you remember when KFC was: ▪️Kentucky Fried Chicken ▪️Finger Lickin Good ▪️Open 🤣
🚨 FBI Ignores Again Terror Attack Threat On Upcoming Florida Music Festival Featuring Brad Paisley, Reba McEntire, Earth W…
🔥 100% free sex cams site 💥 Register now 100% Free !! ↴ ⚡ ⚡ ⚡ …
TODAY'S KEYWORD: JOONIE Tweet the keyword alongside the voting hashtags 🔥 What's your favourite quote by RM? Tell us in…
Follow everyone who likes this. 🍅
‼️‼️‼️👀👀👀💯💯KHM CUSTOMS JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER AN BETTER.... COME SHOP WITH US NOW‼️‼️‼️
[FA]     KNK ⛸ AU I’m becoming addicted to this AU lol
You two just Blessed my day 👌💓
🇺🇸Patriots Against Censorship🇺🇸 ☠️ Females For Trump Suspended with 103k followers 🚨 Always helped other MAGA when…
boa's phonecall w minseok - a thread 🐱📞 xiu: i'm going to have a recording session soon! boa: ah~ with the other members…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MIMI , 30 now? 🌚
Don't say anything just RT 😂
Hello, yes. I'd love some coffee with a side of ☕️
EVERYBODY UP! The big day is finally here. 11am - box office opens🎟 12 noon - tailgate begins🌭 2pm - tip-off🏀…
[🚨] Best Fan Army vote rate is still falling:    - ( 🏃🏻‍♀️⚠️ Tweet / RT votes…
His body proportion 😭😭😭😭
will be having a roster change, as continues to advance competitively locally 😀 Will i…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (7:30pm - 8:30pm) 1. BTSARMY - 498.7K ↗️⚠️…
What’s  thinking? 🤔😅
On a sunny day you rarely see this many Nationwide representatives near mobile homes 🌪
As promised, here's the video of me deepthroating that big tasty cock 😋 retweet if you wish it was yours and it may com…
My sister and brothers decided to recreate vines lol here you go 💀
•Skincare Bundle Giveaway• Retweet to win 6 mask sheets + sephora cleanser. Must be following me to win.🌸 🌻Ends when…
I want to raise a puppy with someone 😢
"It was then her mom realized it wasnt her first shot" I'M CRYING 😂
SHOUTOUT Follow 🇬🇧hotwife hornymilf 💕 swinger  💕 Strictly 21+ NSFW. …
i want this dress sooo much😍 where can i buy it?
TARTE TARTEIST PRO VAULT ✨ must have my notifications on to win
Started to paint without know what colors I wanted to use. Decided to use them all 🌠 Here's my…
Can’t sleep for shit😫😫🤷🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
Today’s goal is 8,500RT!! We can do it together💫thirty six    EXO 엑소
RT+Follow + for a chance to win £100 to spend on OhPolly .com and a Special Edition Beauty Box 😱😍 Treat y…
Gts it’s too early 😒
Sing a song with our musical actor😊😁🤣    JOONIE (He is Taehyung's old friend)…
With SM everything is possible 🙄😂😂
Love It.😍
If it takes you like 2-3 days to respond to a text then don’t even talk to me 🤦🏽‍♂️ like tf I look like waiting a whole as…
if i had a dollar for every dime i saw. 🤤😍
What’s 🥃
Blue was playing with the mascots so came up to Beyoncé to show her the adorable moment caught on video. 💙
🇺🇸Please watch Sheriff Grady Judd explain in detail his common sense plan to protect our schools ~ it’s 11.5 minutes l…
Check out what I'm selling on my shop 💸
This drake and josh reboot about to be 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Everyone wants you to lose! So winning feels even better✨
Heracross♂ Struggle Bug/Earthquake (IV: 31% - CP: 37 - L: 1) until 01:15:47pm
OH MY GOD ‼️
All them BODIES and her head game that trash?!!? 🚮🤦🏾‍♂️
The Everlasting Truth 🌷 💞 Serenity &amp; Lexi Dona 💞 Website : 🖥 Scene : 16-20 🎥 1080p HD 🔞 https:…
Good Morning🌷🌷 My dear friends. 🌷🌷 Have a happy week with your wish. Be happy throughout your life.🍃🍁🍃🍁🍃🍁🕊🍁🕊🍁🕊🍃🕊 https://t…
One for the Turkish Wolf😂😂
Collection 605 🍇 💜 Lena Nicole 💜 Our Ass Skin for Perfection. Shoot Location: Los Angeles 🇺🇸 Website ➡️ …
💥 Register for free and see me live now 【 Register for free, im online now !! 】 🔥 🔥 …
🔁 Black Panther ❤️ Wonder Woman
GODS PLAN 😭😭😭😭 You don’t have to be rich to put a smile on someone’s face 🙌🏼🙌🏼
[🚨] Best Fan Army vote rate is still falling:    - ( 🏃🏻‍♀️⚠️ Tweet / RT votes…
True relationship::🐶 After becoming homeless this man had no other choice but to re-home his dog. Two years later they…
Chris Brown - Don't Think They Know ft. Aaliyah ❤️
Cracker Barrel Old Country Store® and Multi-Platinum Recording Artist Scotty McCreery Ask…
2-20-18! Hanep bars 😑
I do not feel good☹️
- Opening Weekend🔥
Not being funny but if you class your boobs as little, mine must be microscopic 😂😂😂
UNLIMITED PHOTOBOOK / LIMITLESS 01 / 2차판매 🗓02/19 ~ 02/26 ✏️FORM+INFO
I want mixed kids👶🏽
its sad honestly... know your worth‼️
💛💛 is often dismissed, so these questions follow: What does kindness look like? How nuanced is it from pe…
i was once convinced that Martha was gonna be Thato's girl 💔😩
Twins 🤗
MJ rehearsing for Thriller video in 1982⚡️
Round two. 📺 ESPN 💻 🔊 📊  …
Jynx♀ Confusion/Psyshock (IV: 42% - CP: 1567 - L: 24) until 12:35:31am unkn/?lat=26.2903112649&amp;lon=-81.5781078781&amp;e…
I ain’t gone lie Facebook be having so funny shit 😭😭😭 Nigga said when you black but the henny make you feel Spanish 😭 h…
ARMY, let's make sure that our boys get two new trophies to put in their bags! 💪💜 Keep voting for as hard as y…
What a bunch of BS... will say anything for votes!! 👇🏻🙄
🚨🚨🚨Strawberry Festival 3/1/18! FBI didn’t want the opportunity to ignore the intelligence! They simply didn’t want to…
Alonso, Cahill and Drinkwater 😂
Damn who be gettin carried 😂
Im sending my sister vines and she doesn't appreciate them... i need a nea sister😒😒
Early night for me tonight😴😴😴😴
❤Seductive
why is there a cow at the beach😫
boa's phonecall w minseok - a thread 🐱📞 xiu: i'm going to have a recording session soon! boa: ah~ with the other members…
- thanks to my top engaged members this week :) - 🚀 Grow your fol…
Do you love some mountain and water adventure? Rate this pic  Follow 👉 for more amazing t…
🐥LoveYourself💣
[ With Saito-san and Takashi-san☺️ They wrote down the word ‘bald head (대머리)’ (on the polaroid) for us🤣
I'VE BEEN BEAT UP MY WHOLE LIFE 👊🔥😬 (made this for fun between work stuff!! song is BOOGIE by !) …
🏄🏻‍♀️How many times the word monster is used in the Monster MV? Stream Monster on youtube if you want to count🥁
Happy birthday Enjoy your day as much as you enjoy batting on any surface🎂🎂🎂😊😊🤗
Recent One   😍😍🙏🙏 Overloaded Fans Love😎💪☝☝🔥 Love You Thalaivaaaaaa 🙏😘😘❤ https://t…
🐣Follow all who Like &amp; Retweet 🐣Follow back all that follow you 🐣Follow me i Follow back Fast 🐣Turn on my notifications 🐣🐣
Obstructionist 🎯🎯🎯 “The pro-amnesty Dimms shot down immigration proposal because they want…
I miss Francis 😢
Idc How long I stay single Im not lowering my standards 🤷🏽‍♂️
Only if she knew how much i love her 😴💙
Did you enjoy today’s newest video?😁
Prints of these guys available here! ✨ ✨
follow everyone who retweets this👑
you can most likely catch me at a dog park🐾, ball park⚾️, or an amusement park🎢
Why is your tweet asking me to translate from Portuguese??.. you FBI agent/Sketch Tweaker!!!!🤔
Don’t forget the watch happy tree friends and talk about how bands don’t shower on tour 🙄
This wasn’t that bad... po Fergie 😢
He definitely has a better arm than this ass hat. 👍
Nuke her oven with Your cum 😂😂
Sunday’s best ☀️
What an amazing weekend from start to finish. National champions in Varsity and JV high kick!!! 💙💙😭
Hello, yes. I'd love some coffee with a side of ☕️
I love this feeling 🌹
Before &amp; After 😍
over the fake freaks 🙄
🎉ADOPTED❤️🎉Casanova❤️He WAS the 2nd Longest Dog At Shelter... NOW he has his very own 🏡 THANK YOU ADOPTER!!!! Thanks…
Hey you fake fans out there don't change our precious boy. We all love him the way he is He's already perfect that way 👌
5k jogs in the morning to help me start the day 💦
❄️ Covert Case  ❗️ GET MONEY FOR FREE: ⛄️ Like + RT + Follow us ⛄️ Paste your profile U…
How can you not love those sounds specially the "ppoom ppoom pfft" ⁉️⁉️ Its literally music to my ears OH MY GOODNESS‼️‼️…
When you are very young but bitcoin already made you a millionaire 😂  …
Submitted my application, the rest is in gods hands 🙏
I think might just be the greatest actor of our generation. 💯💯💯 Mans had me afraid the entire movie
Yixing is such a sweet and precious son 😭💕💕
The dog is so shook 😂
Fortnite’s Plan 🙏🏽
When him not in a good mood: 👦🏼: waeyoo hyungie?~ sini cerita. Ada apa? 👱🏼‍♂️: hyung unmood pid. /jadilah cerita/? When…
👷 Engineering works are taking place tonight.  More info👉 Plan Journey👉 …
Allow me to bless your timeline with 15 seconds of beauty 😌
THE GAP IS LITERALLY DECREASING BECAUSE EX*-Ls ARE CATCHING UP THE VOTES REALLY FAST ⚠️🚨 Please take a time to vote, every s…
you so fucking precious when you 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖 💖 accept people for 💖 💖 wh…
😂😂😂😂 Did he WANT your endorsement? I thought he was smarter than that!
Why is it so hard to let go of someone that treated as you were nothing 🤷🏽‍♀️😔
Let’s go! 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
slow motion and boooooooom 😎
What happens when you scare Spider-Man 😂🕸🕷
i mean.. sometimes i wonder how much he sees 🤔 ㅋㅋ i love him
Chasing my dreams &amp; moving stores 🙌🙌 can’t wait ....a Change is good  I’ll be my own coffee…
Aight yo just lmk 😤💯💪🏼👊🏼
Go watch new video: "I TRIED FOLLOWING A MARI MARIA TUTORIAL IN PORTUGUESE" ▶…
Wake is officially a tennis school! 🎩
lol don’t let the door hit ya on the way out 👋🏻👋🏻
Your program is number 1 .. w nhna kilna m3k ya ali ❤
Lmfao my aunt FB profile picture is of her custom bejeweled Redskin Giuseppe’s 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
🆕 This robot ball guards property and conducts surveillance missions. v/
Damn i suck dick better than Blac Chyna. LMFAO 🤣
Cute 😄
you asked, we answered!! our first Q&amp;A 🤗👯 check it out:
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show Matthew 🔱 Merritt:
Already purchased ticket before hand 😢
If you are an ARMY, RT this tweet. 💪💜
I be feeling like where the love at 🙇🏾‍♂️
ROYALTY this week! 🥛🥛🥛
HUGE 🙌🏼
Lol yeah I hear u but it’ll be good mate 👍🏻👊🏻
❄️Shadow Daggers Doppler  ❗️ GET MONEY FOR FREE: ⛄️ Like + RT + Follow us ⛄️ Paste your…
awww ilyyy ❤️😤
Omfg you’re so annoying! What the fuck is wrong with you?!?! 🤬🤬🤬🤬
You’re welcome Smilesss 😂💯
somebody edited all of nicki minaj’s ad-libs and noises together in one video 😂
25 hours and 42 minutes later, out of 24 hours... Always gotta give you guys a little extra 😉 Thank you all SO much…
😡😡😡😡 should have let him go !!! 😡😡😡
My problem with you niggas is y'all always think a BITCH is supposed to (WAIT) 😮(wait) for y'all to grow up, (wait) for y'a…
We're doing it. We want those flying kisses😚💕    SEOKJIN DAY
1: Retweet this👍✅. 2: Like this👍✅ 3: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet👍✅ 4: Follow back all that follow you👍✅ 5: tweet "IFB"👍✅…
🙏🏻 Remembering  Chris Kyle 5 years today 🙏🏻 RIP patriot 🇺🇸
happy birthday 😍
Gay twinks - SUCK FUCK RIM BAREBACK.    Click the link to get you there 👉👉👉…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (6pm - 7pm KST) 1. BTSARMY - 290.2K+ ↗️ 2.…
wtf going on in anaheim 😳
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 RT if you think we should  He was on the trump transition team and doesn’t serve his co…
Omg! Lindo 😍😍♥
This moon lamp from would be the cutest Valentine's gift 🎁😍
Haha, you too😊
Can this pic of get 1k Re-Tweets  ? 🤔 RT 🔃 for her Beauty 😍
thankyou kaso mas pretty ka!! 💖
🗣 Shoutout to for taking ANOTHER charge 🤜🏼 tonight in the win over River Valley!! Putting her with 13 on the…
Lisa's strength 🙌 most people would break down after being kidnapped, but not Lisa!
Grab some swag👕 &amp; learn best practices from our  this weekend at  Need to schedule in som…
lov u, lil peach 🍑
Such a strong baby💗
❌_______✍🏽 YouTube “100k by / 😮🚨🤘🏼🔥”
When Taxify takes your girl 😂
been ready foo 😈
nice but can't believe its ur voice 😂
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (10pm - 11pm KST) 1. BTSARMY - 542.5K+ 🔥 2…
This is exactly who Zayn is. From the shoot. ❤️❤️
📹 marluz: David Duchovny talk about getting over his stage fright to perform his m…
Shouts for the photoshoot 😎
997k Universe(🚨3k🚨) 990k Wolf( 🚨10k🚨) 921k Stay with me 878k Hey Mama 805k Electric Kiss 728k Lucky One Fighting 💪
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show miss✨01✨🐣:Morning
ARMY WE CANT KEEP DOING THIS EVERY DAY LETS END IT NOW 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨 SEOKJIN DAY
When your mom or dad came to get you from school early and they called your name over the loud speaker. 😎
Little cutie💕
When you had too leave for a doctors appointment and come back stunting on everybody w McDonald’s 😂  http…
Rule  you better not tell…🙈🙊🙉
the LOVE be soooo FAKE but the HATE be so REAL ‼️💯🗣
you so fucken precious when you 💞 💖💕💜💗 💓text me the fuck…
This 👇 "Our intelligence and law enforcement agencies exist to DEFEND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, not to be exploited to target on…
‼️ please retweet this ‼️ &gt; rules are in the screenshot
❄️AWP | Lightning Strike  ❗️ GET MONEY FO FREE: ⛄️ Like + RT + Follow us ⛄️ Paste yo…
Family be thinking cus my mother ina room ima bite my tongue. Wrong CHILD 🗣
He thought he was in a movie 😂😂
I think I’m the only one that has never seen any fast and furious, Star Trek, Star Wars, Harry Potter, or Lord of the rings 😕
Zayn hoy en New York 😍😍
happy birthday bb 💕💕 i love u!!
Help CA become the 1st state to achieve universal healthcare! Join a  canvass: Feb. 3 ✅ Pasadena: https://t…
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this✅🎄
Happy Birthday TOOO MEE 💖👑💋😘
I guess trump's base got tired of so much winning. ☹️
Okay keep wasting your time using a fork then 🤗
Come home😞
She keep up them bands wit no nigga 💸
you made him traumatized on two things now😂😂😂
Happy Inxeba The Wound day to all Xhosa men ❤ Stay pressedt 💕
For All The People That Counted Me Out🦍😈❤️
idk why this makes me laugh my boyfriend knows my dramatic ass 😂
youngmin dancing to sewoon's baby it's you lol 😍😍
&gt; Visit my website here! 💯🔝 ☞ ☜ 💥And be a member now!
[🇵🇭 PH GO] BTS The Wings Tour 2017 BTS Live Trilogy Episode III In Seoul DVD (FAST ETA) VERY LIMITED STOCKS. 💶 ₱2065 + EMS 📝…
[RT plz] 💙Twitter Trend for JisungPark Day💙 Please help hashtag for   birthday be Twitter trend in real time…
“I’m not going in there” 🤣
Too wavey! 🔥🔥🔥
Count me in for streaming Cologne and Berlin.😘
My favorites from the 2018 Member Gift celebrating Mickey Mouse! 😍✨
Seattle, I’ll see you in less than a week! 🎉
My skin is about to be poppin just wait on it 💪🏽
These students just found out they’re all going to see  and they snapped. 😂
Amore❤️
Awwww 😊 all this cute stuff going on . I love February.
i constantly b lookin’ like a snack 🤤😍... like u know... a laddu...
⚠️NEW VIDEO ⚠️ Our BEATBOX REMIX of HAVANA - !! 🔥 IN 5 STYLES ! ✋🏼 Link : RT if you l…
This moon lamp from would be the cutest Valentine's gift 🎁😍
Taeyeon IU and now Camilla 😂
Thank you dr Tamera 😂😘
MUM-185 Morino Chiharu 🔞   🎬 Openload 🎬 Streamcherry https://t…
Wait...is Santa not real? 🙁
INDIA INDIA 💥 — watching the ICC U19 World Cup Final
Goooood night 😪 i
choose a drink ! 💖
My baby is as addicted to me as I am too her!!! anyways..... Happily ever forever 🕊🕊🌹🌹
Practice 🏆 📸
Tickets, accommodation and flights all sorted for BRING ON JUNE!!!!! 👅✈️🏝☀️😈🍹🍭🕶👙👯‍♀️😝👏🏼
✨ ✨ ✡✡VIP Pump Notifier For Bittrex ✨PRIVATE AND DAILY SIG…
BACK 2 LIFE // 🔥 available everywhere now 🛸
Fidelium is featured and introduced as crypto&amp;banking solution in Huffington Post. Check this out mates 😉 …
🔴⚪️🔵  Online This is a list (with links) of states that allow online voter registration. Valid state drive…
😎😎  — feeling cool at Inani Beach, Cox's Bazar
I need my eyebrows done so bad😩
Then I shall ✊🏾💪🏾
you do?? 🌚
imagines kissing of bellarke to the sound of "beliver- imagine Dragons" Rt ❤
Finally, man decided to give me what I’ve been begging for 😘
This has me in serious tears! 😭😍
Receive algorithmic altcoin buy/sell signals! 📊📈📉 In the last 31 days you would've had a combined profit of +4559%…
RT: Same day parcel 📦 delivery.
Paul George got a handle on him, too 👀👀👀👀👀 (via
LET’S INCREASE OUR VOTING RATE! We challenge you 😎 to share the best Namjoon memes in the replies below with the followin…
Bearded Vultures are great 💕
Horny nigga hours. 💦😭
S U N F L O W E R 🌻
People actually pay money to go watch this 😕😂
🔥30% dirty. What will they say... I didn’t know I got 🇷🇺 $ &amp; the election was
THEY DONT HEAR YOUUU 🗣 and then they always say “smileeee why you look so sad?” Mf because I am deep down inside I am hurti…
📸 | Birmingham led 2-1 as the U23s went into the break, with Pascal Struijk scoring on his  debut Updates ➡️ …
//got my W-2 today from job corps and they gave me almost 900$.......most useful thing theyve done😂
Unwind ⏳
Shane J educated the House, educated the nation and is now your  WINNER! Congratulations! 🏆 💅 🦄  https:…
Happy bday to the southern king 🙏🏾
🙏††AMEN†🙏💘🌹💙💝💚💓😇😇😇🌏👣👣🌻💛💞💕❤🌹💘🌹💘🌹💘🌹💘🌹💘💙💝💚💓🌻💛💞💕❤🌹
90mns, two goals, an assist &amp; a great victory 🖤💛 dream debut with 🦇
Thanks ☺️ I love making them!
My refund is officially in my account and I’m officially done associating with broke people. 😎 sorry, not sorry.
Kobe's work ethic after tearing his Achilles is unmatched 🐐🔥
Hahahahaha 😅😂😂😂 put your hands up right now. 3, 2, 1, GO!!
If you weak you weak money don’t got nothing to do with it 👌🏾
Pretty soon, they're gonna blame Russia too! 😂
Bieber is in the studio 👀
🔔 [ INSTAGRAM VOTES UPDATE] 🔔 🕙 11:30pm - 10:00am KST 🕑 1. BTSARMY - +48,789 2. E - + 9,8…
Yo netflix has crossed the line they removed familly guy 🤦‍♂️
Really, Disney?! A remake?😑😑😑😑
Let's keep showering BTS with more gifts. They are always so humble and grateful 😭💜
I can confirm that being nice DOES NOT GET YOU ANYWHERE😂
Yooo she the real reason why latinas are crazy. We grew up looking up to her 😂😭
🔥 ⏰10pm-2am 🔊  x Reggae x  📍SAVVOR LOUNGE 180 Lincoln St.…
🔥Live Webcam Sex Chat For Free! 🔥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ http…
I FINISHED MY ROSE TRACER COSPLAY IN TIME FOR CHINESE NEW YEAR 🎉🎉🎉 her guns occasionally spin correctly 😋
No shit give me the single 😒
omfg omfg ive been waitinv foe this! "Dad"😭😭😭😭😭😭
For fuck sake drunk me, sober me and hungover me are 3 very different people 😭😅
🏄🏻‍♀️iheartradio has dedicated 18 post to EXO-L so far RT&amp;REPLY to ALL of them 💪🥁
🗣SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE WHITE FOLKS STUCK IN THE 60’s DALE!!!
TGIF!!! 🍰🍓🍰🍓
I have a GIANT checklist of things to do but instead I’m going to beach 🤷🏽‍♀️
but it was long enough to last forever....❤️
⭐️ USP-S  🌟 ❗️Like this tweet ❗️Retweet this tweet ❗️Follow and Turn on post notifications ✅Drawing in 12 h…
🔥🔥🔥 MASS VOTE NOW 🔥🔥🔥 ARMY GO GO 🏃💨💨💨 POPK SENSATION |
Thanks for the video, brotha! Hahahaha insane 🔥😏
Thank you dear friend😊😊😊😊
When you and boyz pull up to the light bouta spark the 8th blunt &amp; the cops pull up beside you 😭🚨
Message from KIM TAEHYUNG to ARMY 💋 🌻POPK SENSATION🌻
They put us all in the same lobby 😂
Stop spending my money I need to get weed... I mean wine. I need to get wine. ❤️
🍀 Giveaways 🍥 SKOOL LUV AFFAIR ( Sealed ) 🦋 1 Winners — open worldwide — 09.03.201…
★AWP | ASIIMOV GIVEAWAY★ TO ENTER : ✅ FOLLOW ✅ RETWEET ✅ TAG 2 FRIENDS ✅ TURN NOTIFS ON…
✔️Goal 🔥1K RTs 🔥100 replies     EXO KAI
I’m so excited about this one! x feat. ya girl 💋  is out now!! 🔥 htt…
Selena is so me 💔
"Fighting in the next week" &gt;&gt;&gt;"🎵🎶"&lt;&lt;&lt; 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨😭😭😭😭
Taking off my panties one handed while filming my ass from behind🍑 Noe that's what I call multitasking😛 …
Chadwick Boseman is 41 years old and too damn fine 😍
at least i get paid hourly tho 🤑
Good nite 💙
My first cover of 2018!!!! ❤️❤️❤️🌹🌹🌹
😱 I’m swooning oml
I want to be held and cuddle with baby.. 😔
peanut butter brownies 🥜🍫 -&gt;
depression? It's like drowning , But not being Able to die 🌊
rt this to gain jimin stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🙌🏼
🇺🇸Before your crawfish boil, Louisiana, VOTE on Saturday.🇺🇸 House seat, Dist 86 Andy Anderson Nicholas Muscarello, Jr. Da…
Honestly watched this about 50 times 😍 the noise when it hit the net was unreal ⚽ 🍀
7th Mini Album [ 🖤 Concept Image 2 2018.02.22 18:00 (KST)
i rt something and it gets 30 likes. i tweet my own tweet and it gets nothing. these followers ain’t loyal smh 🤦‍♂️ http…
Yesss. Love this. ❤️
Love when my subs thank me constantly ❤️ if it weren’t for me they’d be nothing. Their life has no other purpose but to…
SMFH what’s wrong wit u yo??? 🤦🏾‍♂️😂
RT, REPLY, QUOTE: [    Don't forget to make your own tweets and 🔁
did the “master bedroom” get it’s name through slavery??🤔🤔🤔
What a spectacular International Chinese New Year Night Parade tonight in    🕺💃🎠🎉 h…
I can't stop laughing. The penguins really made the spycam as their leader 😂 this is so adorable and funny at the same…
Yuzuru and TAT hugging! Thank you again for always supporting Yuzuru! For always giving him guidance, thank you! 😭 ht…
Good morning ☀️
trash the whole Bell Air Mall 🚮
Bro....that long pause when they showed the sketch....😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Full Gallery: Masseuse touches more than she thought... 👻Add me on snapchat: cuteamie18 👻
Taemin move, Seventeen Who 😍
Happy Lunar New Year,I made a try.maybe someone like quiet with Reinhardt to drink.Reinhardt of China style for you.❤️
night away with my love tonight 💑
🎤 name a better duo vocalist than this 🎶    POPK SENSATION …
why is this some dumb shit I would do 🙄
“You have an opinion and I’m fine with it but it’s not okay to share it because it’s not the same as mine” 😴👏🏻👏🏻
Always hitting those poses 🖤
He proposed during their photo shoot and her reaction is so cute 😍😍😍
- Be Easy [Prod by Michelin Shin] out on all digital streaming platforms and video 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻 …
In a DUI, we blame the driver. In a bombing, we blame the bomber. In a shooting, we blame the gun? 🤔
Somebody come get this principal 😂 (via
1: Retweet this✔️ 2: Like this✔️ 3: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet✔️ 4: Follow back all that follow you✔️ 5: Turn my no…
Chill Fit Friday💯😏
OH MY, 😮
Quavo just sent Rachel DeMita's shot into the upper deck 😂😂😂😂
Sexting -Botdf keeps popping up on my YouTube and I wanna play it so bad?¿ but I don’t wanna give my roommate the wrong idea 😂😂
Lil’ Kim did not come to play last night 😍
When crush sends a ❤ emoji
Latest  post 👉
180210 My little prince 😬
🏆SoMeck 7 Conference Tournament Champions 🏆
Follow everyone who LIKES this 💤
my red-haired baby. 😍
⚡️ “What happens if you swap the genders of the last 12 Prime Ministers? ”
Ma heart is breaking looking at this, they all had their full lives ahead of them ☹️☹️ devastating …
What it’s all about 🤫
Happy Friday Lovers!... 😉💋  😈
Visual Note-Taking for Educators 📝🖼🎨🧠🏆 (by
Just saw your Facebook message. I responded. Thank you for checking in on me. 😊
After spending over 30mins in this ATM queue, it got to my turn, I noticed I forgot my card 😫😫😫
👨‍💻👩‍💻👨‍💻👩‍💻👨‍💻👩‍💻👨‍💻👩‍💻👨‍💻👩‍💻👨‍💻👩‍💻👨‍💻 GO. 🗣GO. 🗣GO. 🗣GO. 🗣GO. 🗣GO. 🗣GO. 🗣 ARMYYYYY…
Celebrating the year of the dog 🐶  🇨🇳
Happy 21 birthday 🎉🍻 been rocking since day one &amp; nothin won't ever change that 🤞🏾 enjoy your day my ni…
Dairymilk oreo 👌😍
I love my lil bee 🐝
😘 "You…
This is too hilarious 😂😂
I want to share what I read 😄 ` Teen cured his severe acne with budget skincare routine ‘
Thanks 😁😇
CALLING ALL STUDENTS🗣 In response to the Florida shooting, there will be a nation-wide walkout held next week. Take a…
Darkest Hour 👍👍👍👍👎
🎶Ordinary Average Guy🎶A wonderful treat to see this Joe Walsh video again!…
I’m so thankful for the people i do have in my corner 💯
This is the 1000th medal event in  history! 👏👏👏 Congratulations to the athletes!    https://t…
Don’t waste my fucking time👏 This is why I just be chillin by myself or with my bestfriend ❤️
The 3 stars of the game presented by ⭐️⭐️⭐️-  chartier ⭐️⭐️-  Gabrhelik And tonight’s number on…
Done doing selflessly for others . Now is my time to live .😊 When I close my eyes I see you brother . As long as I see so…
Steady on - just the drums 😄
They don’t understand what we’ve been through but I’m still praying for you! 🙌🏾❤️
thanks love 💋
Current count for Lustrous PH social media accounts: 👉🏻Twitter: 4K 👉🏻Instragram: 10K 👉🏻Facebook: 2K To get to the 200K…
You sucking dick in the background or what 😭
ARMY please Tweet x50 / RT faster 🙏‼️  will continue to rise for the next 5 hours. Let's overtake their rate before th…
Girl right 😭😭 I’m finna get him to sign something for me
It’s totally not awkward when you accidentally send your professor your current location when trying to save their number 🙄
[🌍] TOP COUNTRIES that tweeted POPK SENSATION as of 12:00am KST 1. S. KOREA - 22% 2. INDONESIA - 12% 3. US - 11% 4. PHI…
SAME 😭
Just taught Amy what a drug rug is 😂👌🏻
I’ma probably be single all my life cause my tolerance level is so low😭
Girl!! I'm saying! Like it's sad but I still died 😂😂
😳😳😳John Kerry Approved Visas for Russian Operatives to Enter US in 2014 and 'Interfere' with Election …
Nooooo u didn’t mr. $ega🔥
How are you liking it tho??? Also listen to the rest of there music, or at least way with words. That’s my shit 😂
🚨DEAKINS RETROSPECTIVE ALERT🚨
😂😂 Yessss! I need some toooooo!
Warm little piggies 😍👅💦 I need a foot slave 🤔🤔Dm me losers
Technology ke mamle mein China is  America is  Japan is  And then come the   😂😂😂…
Take my money now!!!😬
Counting the days until the start of our tokensale! 📆 Save the date: Feb 7th
Let’s Go!!! ❤️ 🏈 💪🏼
🕕 It's 18:13 BTS Time Share pics of BTS 🌼with Best Fan Army hashtags🌼 On our thread!
✨A row should be complete now!✨ Keep tweeting  for the rest of the pieces!
New video! I speak up about my transformation. STORYTIME! Don’t miss this one 👄🏃🏻‍♀️💇🏻‍♀️ https://t…
When friends have fun🙌😍😘❤ lots of love❤
37 BTS❤️ARMY ARMY❤️BTS We vote  for  at
The quality makes me soft 🤧
. Why not have some fun 😁😁😁😁😁
‼️ MASS VOTING ‼️ Trend POPK SENSATION along with voting hashtags    or
Healing Unicorn❤️     EXO S…
VOTE VOTE VOTE 🏃‍♀️🏃‍♂️🔥 Best Idol Actor ( focus more on this ⬇⬇ ) 🔗 2018 New Style Icon 🔗https:…
😍 Clutch Case + Key Giveaway 🧤 100 WINNERS every 10K RT * RT &amp; Follow * Enter via Winners picked in…
You ever had that one ex who jus DONT go Away 😒 Fuck I gotta do ? DIE ?
okay 💞💋
Trending  tags, 2:58AM 💖
"I'm not good with words, so here you go🖤".
[ ARMY: To Do] 🏆 iHeart vote: Best Fan Army 🏆 iHeart vote: Best Boy Band Updated version. Keep streaming BTS +…
New Keyword : EXO KAI Eris we are doing well but we still need to gear up our game 💪💪 Lets go big 🔥 ⚜️10000 RT ⚜️ 1000 REPLI…
HAPPY NEW YEAR! ❤️🐶🎉
SELLING TWITTER ACCOUNTS! AFFORDABLE PRICE!! DM ME💯
Who else was moved to tears by Savchenko &amp; Massot the other day? Absolutely incredible performance 😭😍
Idk what that is but the sour cream and onion flavoring alone made my mouth water 😩
You can tell Simmons wanna dunk on somebody so bad lmao 😂
✨ JIMIN ✨
Definitely the finest singing women in Aggieland if you ask me 💁🏻‍♀️
The second he started crying you could tell he loves tf out of her. This is how I’m tryna be😭
🗣 Share , Share , Share , Share ‼️ It’s Not A Game
i swear god made you for me 🎶
Cy:i won for us babe Bh: we already won each other 😚
Tomorrow’s the last day for a squishy !! But you can still keep donating &amp; sharing the gofundme!! 💕✨
i feel like laying up &amp; being soooo nasty right now yo 😩💦
via One of my all time favourite movies 💚
Love you more man ❤️❤️
The flu, the pregnant, the stupid. Keep that shit away from me. 👐🏼
That smile 🤣
Money! 😍
So excited to meet this little person who is half of me and half of the one I love 🌼
🌀Retweet this fast 🌀🌀🌀 🌀Follow who retweet and like 🌀Follow back all that follow you 🌀Go bio   🌀Turn on on…
😂😂😂 Sheesh !!! I'm not SURE if this is the FACE you make at the END of SPEAKING for 8 HOURS.... Or.... At the END of…
Dawg Nipsey Hussle album so got damn raw 🔥🔥🔥
That epic moment when you meet the singer of Alestorm. 🤘🏻
🔥Live Webcam Sex Chat For Free! 🔥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤ ✪➤ https:…
ain’t NO nigga worth losing Your mind over... and the one that is worth it will bring You a peace of mind, not constant bullsh*t🙂
The only way to stop a bad guy with a bottle of Acid is a good guy with a bottle of Acid! 😲
"Hi, can we forget everything and create our new page?" Siapa harap dapat text camni 🙋🏻‍♀️🙋🏻‍♀️🙋🏻‍♀️🙋🏻‍♀️
❤️ We want to make Valentine's Day special for you and your player 2. ❤️ RT, follow, and tag a friend or s/o for the chance t…
Can’t wait! 🙏🙌
Happy birthday 😍😍
im over alot. 🙄
THE Body Roll 😂     EXO SEHUN
🔥 Lovely 💋😍 gets her round booty pounded 👍 .
RiRi And Have You Ever 🤤🔥
1: Retweet this⏰✅ 2: Follow all that Like &amp; Retweet⏰✅ 3: Follow back all that follow you⏰✅ 4: Gain with  🔥
I hardly comment on your art but really you’re soooo good and so is everyone else x-x I wish I do anything near this 💜
I was laughing but it slowly turned into crying I mean c'mon 😭
Happy Valentine’s Day 💕
Hit me up! 😉
My best friend is my everything and I can’t even begin to imagine the pain you’re enduring💞 I’m sooooo incr…
🔔 8pm tonight on GRM Daily 🔔 👆🏾 &amp; come together for their highly anticipated collaboration on "Pushing…
Mommas don't let your babies grow up to be fuckboys🎶🎶
Oh god 😩😂😂😂😂
I know it isn’t the best but sometimes in the  you need a little  💡 @ Planet Fitness
before and after. Turned this old room into my art studio. 🎨
Who's a good boy? WHO'S A GOOD BOY?!! 🔄 for Shu-Zen ❤️ for Shu-Zen
✨FLASH CONTEST✨ To celebrate the Garden of Sinners and Fate/Grand Order collaboration event, Crunchyroll is now streaming…
This weekends Acca with Forrest, Valencia, Leverkusen &amp; Shrewsbury all to win pays £234 off a tenner!!! 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
📩it's ur fault. u got me too excited last night.
I made this for you. Because I love you. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️…
Happy Thursday!    💜✨
rt , dm (be ur daddy🔞)
is everything. “I can’t explain witchcraft!” L-O-V-E.     ❤️😍🤩
totaled denunciation 🚟
What a pickup line 😍
I feel like that didn't go well 😅
Here's another piece,  🙌 Keep tweeting  for the next piece!
Sadism levels When lovebirds think ...who is gonna text first....I want him to do ...no I wanna she makes first 😂😂😂
My loves ♥️
I'm an artist. 💁
Why do I go for the gingers??🤷🏽‍♀️😅
Our cargo ship has arrived 🙌 just getting ready for a chorus rehearsal tonight with the real banquet props!
★ AK-47 | Redline Giveaway ★ To enter: - Follow me - Retweet &amp; Like Ends in 24 hours! 🤞
‘It worked’: Indian farmer posts porn star’s photo to ‘ward off evil eye’ 😂😂😂
eternal sunshine🌞💜 (10pics)       https:…
😂When Your Baby Mama Call You On Valentines Day!😂🤔 Ft
Its a shame America doesn't have your wisdom to facilitate what makes it a better place ❤
📍Five Star Bus Terminal, Cubao
Remember this🤗
Roses are red, violets are blue.. Wanna come over for fry bread and stew? 🍞🍵🤤
Ooooul I’m just seeing this 😍😍😍😍but I love ya cute ass too 😍😍🤤
Search through thousands of events or filter your results by area or distance on our website!🥇…
Please could you play Mic Drop Remix by in the  ? Thank you ❤️
Thank you kapatid!!
Yesterday was 🔥🔥🔥🔥 brought the WORD!
180215  Weibo update 🐶🤙🤙🤙 [3/3] Thankful for those who’ve been accompanying (supporting) me I’ll co…
I'm never deleting this app 😭😭😭
👀🙈 This is really cute okay I love his tummy
Keep fighting and always smiles :) love you TEN ♥
This  show the one you love how much you care by giving them a Valentine ♥️ …
🎥 Cristiano &amp; Georgina playing his ‘favourite game’ earlier today 👀
They wrong for this 💀
Happy chinese new year✨
Looks like that Uncle Drew Movie is a go. They got real actors for this 😂 lit.
lit ass videos here!! follow me for more !!!😍😍
No worries there, I'm a one man army 😂
I’m literally falling for you. ❤️😎
you killed me, come to Newfoundland instead of coming back here 😂😁
Spotify or Apple Music? 🤔
found the perfect  to solve your heckler problem 😂
I’m really laughing 😭😭😭
😍 Clutch Case + Key Giveaway 🧤 100 WINNERS every 10K RT * RT &amp; Follow * Enter via Winners picked in…
are back on June 15. 💥 Watch a brand-new sneak peek of  now!
happy valentine’s day🧡
He proposed during their photo shoot and her reaction is so cute 😍😍😍
How u gone bash me then try fuck me HOE U SUPER FAKE‼️
Hope he likes everything 🙂💖
too bad i dont rlly care 🤷🏻‍♀️ tpi wtv ah lol
" The gift of a flower 🌷 It is a kiss 💋 in the soul 🌌 " 😘 Happy day on the other side of th…
Ok first it was 750k then it was 1-2Million and NOW ITS 5-10 MILLION 🤤 Question..Have we been INVADED a…
Chipotle 🤷🏽‍♀️
💕: be kind to everyone you encounter you never know who you come across that really needs that smile or just a simple "have a g…
✴🔴🔵FastNSexy🔵🔴✴
i think the senior age limit should be 19 😁
Y’all Maury ( ) invited to the cookout for this 😂😂😂
She finally has a man who spoils her not just today but everyday ❤️👏🏼
THAT DOUGHNUT WALL THOUGH. 👌🏻🍩 save me a chocolate one pretty please?
🚨 RETWEET/QUOTE/REPLY to this tweet with     …
Thread,.. 👉👉👉 👈👈👈
⭐️Giveaway⭐️ Feb 16th is Chinese New Year - and it's the Year of the Dog! 🐶 Follow+RT to enter to win this special box-se…
People on Facebook be messy, fake, and miserable... I be cracking up 😂
✨FLASH CONTEST✨ To celebrate the Garden of Sinners and Fate/Grand Order collaboration event, Crunchyroll is now streaming…
👀🙈 This is really cute okay I love his tummy
Bruh who needs that to defend their home I understand a shot gun not that 😂 who’s running up on you for u to use that
🚨  TWEET rate: 🚨 1.  - 524.2k 2. E - 522.6k ARMYs, where are you? 🚦
New Keyword : EXO Make sure to choose your Team 😎 💞  💞  💞  💞
Here they are,  The last two pieces to the photo puzzle. 👏 ✨  ✨
I need Suggestions on pre-workout 😩😩
save your last dance for me💙
Johanna paying for her shit at game stop pills out her cash and a xan falls out of her wallet a half a xan she was stoked 😂😂
Her Shit always Fresh off the Runway💅🏽🐝
Beyond blessed to be Re-offered by UT-Chattanooga💛✍🏿🔟
Have a nice day all♥ -bot
Awesome valentine party with Ms. Kenwell’s and Mr. Benson’s class today!! 💜💙💚💛
Said you always had a thing for Valentine 🌹...
1,400 miles away and still went all out for his girl 😧 Mannnn y’all really finding the good ones out here . This was cut…
I’ll be doing the moves like Sticks when I find my partner tomorrow 😬😬😬    …
Then there is this👇 ROTFL....
Lovely night for all dear friends💕
Off comes  on comes this guy... 🔛 ↩️  ⚪️ 0-3 ⚫ (82)
Love Sick. ❤️💋
btw I’m UMG now 🤘🏽 Mabala Noise is still &amp; will always be family tho. You gotta promise to continue opening doors…
I did indeed 😉
940+ students cane out to  ❤️❤️
😂 nooo why did you tag ?
🚀 GET READY FOR ODYSSEY (OCN) BOUNTIES!! 🚀 ODYSSEY - The future of decentralized sharing economy! Follow…
[Peeper final daily individual ranking]   is first! Congratulations! Keep up the hard work 💪💪😊💜 …
ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED. 😱 THE BALL BOUNCED BEFORE HE TOUCHED IT SO HE COULD HAVE A BETTER SHOT. YOU HAVE BEEN CAUGHT
[ARTICLE] BTS Speaks out in Seoul Open • Read • Share 📖 Let's trend  along wi…
He's handsome chap🐶
Ummm does it make me old that they’re now remaking movies I watched when I was young??? 🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
No no no no no this would be the worst loss ever in my life😭☹️
Game day 💩💩💩
Sweet fur babies❤️
Is this real life? Like is this real life? 😭❤️😱
My brother taking his girlfriend her vday gift!! I can't 😩😍😭😭😭
Lmaooooo fuck you girl 🙄😂😂😂😭😭
🏄🏻‍♀️ Round One winner of CIVIL WAR is 🔵 TEAM CAPTAIN AMERICA 🎉 Congratulations CAPTAIN AMERICA 🐰, WINTER SOLDIER 🐱, ANT MA…
The Incredibles are back on June 15 💥 Watch a brand-new sneak peek of  now.
Has tr💩🍊p gotten his box of paper towels to take to Parkland Florida?
FBI were warned about Florida high school shooter months before tragedy 👇👇 …
The facts about   Against All Odds Patriots We're WINNING 🙏🇺🇸💯 PRESIDENT TRUMP IS…
Rare footage😂
ARMY!💜 ➡Our keyword today is ARMY VAN 💫Let's try to get this keyword to 1.5M tweets at least!💫 📣We are MASS VOTING! G…
This is fr kinda lit 🔥🔥
TeamBeauty 🍃
Serie A: Juventus in talks to sign teenagers Han Kwang-Song of North Korea and Genoaâ€™s Pietro Pellegri -…
Good evening dear friends 😘🐾 🤗😻😊
🚨🚨 MASS VOTE NOW 🚨🚨 🚨🚨 MASS VOTE NOW 🚨🚨 🚨🚨 MASS VOTE NOW 🚨🚨    🚨🚨 MASS VOTE NOW 🚨🚨…
Broke People Who Make Efforts Are The Best👊
Absolutely vile 🤮
[ From. KAI ] 💛🐻💛 Hello I am EXO KAI to all EXO-L happy new year, please always be healthy &amp; be happy I always thinking of you…
Dancing in the dark.. you between my arms 💕
Preview of my playing with bear cub cutie Noah! 💙
NEED FOLLOWERS??? 💕Follow these great accounts!💕
BLESSED 💙
Art workshops comments. Teen model non nude public. CLICK HERE ➡ ⬅
👀.........i didn't expect that kind of ending......
[!] Music Show Wins: Ice Cream Cake - 🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆 Dumb Dumb - 🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆 One Of These Nights - 🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆 Russian Roulette - 🏆🏆🏆🏆…
Blessings on blessings on blessings 🙌🏾
💩💩💩💋💋💋😍😍😍 Happy and Naugthy Valentine's Day!!!!! 💗💗💗💗
He like come on maniiiii you like wait tfff you see I’m a bubble tfff😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
JUNG HOSEOK 💕 ARMY VAN🔥 {
Just forgot how to breathe... AGAIN... 😳😳😳 You (&amp; those arms of yours) are gonna be the death of me someday Kim Namjoon…
Have you voted for  to win at our  yet?! ➡️
Are you living your dream? — not yet🚶🏻♀️
I’m in ✋🏻
Look who showed up today 😍
Thanks my guy 💪🏽
She Slapping Presidents 😂😂
I love you so much ❤️
I feel like travelling to Morocco, but first and foremost, I need a travelling buddy 🧐
WATCH: Em and Ed sail into a dark love triangle in the new video for  💔🌊 Feel the em…
I dunno I’m talking pish noo 😂😂🙄
BTS’ company led account → hit 9M+ followers! 🎊    - ( …
🔥 [ ARMY CHALLENGE ] 🔥 Let's unlock: 🔒 3,000 retweets 🔒 1,000 replies In just 1 hour!!! Accepting the challenge? Are…
Don't Forget To Click The Wikipedia Link As It's Counts Towards Social Chart. Our Views Decrease By 10K. 🔗…
coworker: what kind of asian are you? me: Filipino coworker: no, like are you a Hip hop Asian or an EDM asian 🤔🤔🤔🧐
GOD reveals deep &amp; Hidden things. ❤️
I think the worst insult a person could receive, is to be called akuya.😏
Happy Valentine's ❤ day all you naughty people 💋. One pic you may not have seen from when we first joined twitter
Hey guys, listen to Preck - Let Dem Know on SoundCloud. I just dropped this song, check it out 🤘🏾 Tx everybody!! https://…
BTS with during their cover shoot. 📸 ✨  ✨
idk how I should feel about this 😂
Finesse Cap 🌊 Shop: Use code "Funnybrawls" for 10% off + Free Shipping!
I COUNT BIG BUCKS 💰💰
They wrong for this 💀
love always wins bih 🦄💕
eat then nap or nap then eat? 🤔 i choose both 🤷🏼‍♀️
That’s The Whole Summer 🙅🏾‍♀️🙅🏾‍♀️🙅🏾‍♀️🙅🏾‍♀️
Good Luck,thanks &amp; kindest regards to all you Patriots 👍⚓️
When 🇨🇦 had its false flag mosque shooting to start totalitarianism, same thing: 2 shooters by witnesses,…
[ iHeart: Vote Rate] Tweets + RTs for Best Fan Army in the last hour (6:30am - 7:30am) 1. BTSARMY - 189.6K+ ↗️…
